Title: Success Manager - Protocols & DAO
Description: Blockswap is a permissionless middle layer for Web3 ensuring blockchain benefits accessible to mainstream users.
Blockswap Labs, a core contributor to the Blockswap Network, is building a suite of products to support the Ethereum Proof of Stake benefits to be accessible for mainstream users and protocols. We are consistently trying to push the envelope, solving some of the most challenging problems in Ethereum and its Rollup Ecosystem for Defi and Web 3. We delivered Industry’s first 60 secs ETH staking, Keyless recovery for Etheruem Validators, and Restakng collectives via Liquid Staking Derivatives that enable anyone to have a validator for 4 ETH. 
Our team is one of the most impactful and knowledgeable in Cross-chain Communication and introduced bridgeless multichain liquidity. We are a very diverse, globally distributed team and a key proponent of the Rollup-centric future of Ethereum. We focus on last-mile user onboarding, and our ecosystem has grown from strength to strength. 
The company was founded by leading cross-chain specialists and DeFi engineers. We are a small team crushing the scene with a passion for a decentralized future, currently active on MEV, Bridgeless multichain token transfers, and liquidity management.
The Role
We are looking to expand our commercial and DAO team with a Network Ecosystem Success Manager. Who is well-versed in the Ethereum ecosystem, has excellent knowledge, and actively discusses ETH staking, MEV, Rollups, and decentralized node running services.
This position will form a centric part of our protocol-centric research that helps formulate and iterate protocols integrations efforts more impactful. The candidate must possess very data-driven techniques and research capabilities to focus on the most critical aspect of communicating the value proposition with the Ethereum Ecosystem. 
This is not an analyst role; the candidate must actively involve users and the ecosystem to compile them as feedback; if you are looking for a passive role, this is not for you.
Responsibilities
Ecosystem Growth**
Grow Network DAO participation and execute strategies that grow the builders and shepherd growth proposals and token incentive programs for protocol adoption. 
Publish content, enhance materials on Ethereum and ecosystem partners forum, conduct workshops, and engage in cross-community collaboration for democratized MEV, LSD, and ETH staking opportunities in general.
Integration Experience
Facilitate hands-on integration resource support for Blockswap products working with potential partners and integrations to optimize the onboarding materials, walkthrough videos, documentation repackaging, etc. Translate an integration by proactively identifying a POC for their product.
Builders Coordination**
Keep track of the community-driven build programs, nurture partners, and work closely with marketing and engineering teams to deliver the best ecosystem experience continuously. 
You shall have subject matter expertise of both Blockswap protocols and the related domains, ETH LSD re-staking, a decentralized node running collectives, MEV staking, MPC services, etc.  
Key Requirements:
You have a solid background in Ethereum blockchain, DeFi, and the Staking ecosystem. 
You will research new protocols and tooling updates in the Ethereum, Rollups, and other EVM chains, identify potential use cases and partners, and nurture relationships with other projects by arranging and leading co-marketing campaigns and implementing them with the DAO support.
Holistic product positioning and messaging, informed by research and data-driven to help product integration a success
Communicate the product features and their potential to drive all aspects of product launches, press releases, social media and 
Co-marketing with partners to amplify user benefits and, at large, for the incentive programs and engage in discussions to be a most sought source of feedback from the community. 
Write long and short articles such as blogs, research articles, or social posts articulating blockswap key offerings and expanding awareness.
Qualifications
This role is ideal for someone with a web3 DAO protocol growth background looking to work with multiple sides of the business, with the main focus on delivering protocol growth and integrations.
Industry Experience: doing advocacy, Evangelism, or technical walkthroughs for an established, developer-focused project (this is a must for the candidate)
2+ years of growth roles with relevant experience: marketing, community management, social media, DAO management, etc
Native English speaker with good written communication and oratory skills.
Ability to convey complex concepts with a depth of knowledge around DeFi, blockchain, and decentralized nodes running in a more simplified manner to generalized and specialized audiences.
A high-performance self-starting operator is comfortable in remote-first environments.
Promote a community culture of positivity and inclusivity within the guideline of Network growth.
Good proficiency in navigating Discord, Discourse, and Twitter.
Bonus:
The relevant fields: are advanced financial products and blockchain decentralization.
An outstanding team player and a fast learner of new technologies
Blockswap is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We embrace all qualified persons to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please feel free to let us know.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/blockswap-network-success-manager-protocols-dao/
--------------------------
Title: Smart Contract Engineer (Solidity)
Description: About Rage Trade
We are building world class products on Perpetual Futures and are backed by the top VCs. Our products currently hold $20M in TVL, with an additional $30M in liquidity still to be onboarded. We also compose/partner with the top DeFi protocols including Aave, GMX, Uniswap.
Qualifications Required:
Solidity and Typescript
Familiarity w/ DeFi Primitives + Oracles
Agile + Test Driven Development
Nice to haves:
Understanding of Perpetual Futures
Contract Auditing or Full Stack Experience
Understanding of Financial Derivatives
Perks of the Jobs:
Competitive Compensation (and Token Allocation)
Time Zone Agnostic
Flexible Hours/Schedule
Sponsored Trips to Conferences
Learn more about Rage by checking out our team members or our project page on twitter.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/rage-trade-smart-contract-engineer-solidity/
--------------------------
Title: Head of Engineering (Web3)
Description: The Fabricant is a Digital Fashion House leading the Fashion industry towards a new sector of digital-only clothing that is sustainable, equitable and web3 ready. We have made a name for ourselves in photo-real 3D Fashion Design and Animation and our work operates at the intersection of Fashion and Technology; creating digital-only couture and experiences that are always digital, never physical.
The role
We are seeking an experienced Head of Engineering to lead our Development team in building our “Studio” platform and implementing new features into production. The ideal candidate will have a strong technical background and proven leadership skills to manage a team of Software Engineers and deliver high-quality software products. The Head of Engineering will work closely with the CTO, Product team, Business Development, and other stakeholders to ensure the Development team is always aligned with the company’s goals and objectives.
Responsibilities:
Manage and lead a team of Software Engineers to deliver high-quality scalable software products on-time and within budget
Define and implement software development processes, standards, and best practices for web app development and web3 integration
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify business requirements and technical feasibility of new features and products
Provide technical leadership and guidance on software design, architecture, and development methodologies, with a focus on React for Frontend and AWS Cloud for the Backend
Continuously monitor and assess the team’s performance, skills, and capacity to ensure they are meeting or exceeding expectations
Identify and recruit top engineering talent as needed to support the growth and expansion of the Development team
Establish and maintain relationships with external partners, vendors, and contractors for specialized services and support as needed
Work with the executive team to create a technology roadmap that aligns with the company’s strategic goals and objectives, with a focus on creating scalable and reliable architectures
Stay up-to-date with emerging technologies and trends in web app development and blockchain, and recommend adoption of new technologies and tools to improve development productivity and efficiency
Job requirements
10+ years of experience in software engineering and web application development, with a focus on full-stack development
5+ years of experience in leading and managing software engineering teams
Strong technical skills and experience with web application frameworks such as React, and AWS for the backend, as well as blockchain technologies (Ethereum, Flow)
Experience in building platforms that manage media assets, ensuring they are scalable, reliable, and user-friendly. Large scale e-commerce websites are a plus
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to communicate complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, with the ability to identify and resolve technical issues
Proven track record of delivering software products on-time and within budget
Experience in Agile development methodologies, and knowledge of project management tools such as Jira
In addition to the exciting opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies, the Head of Engineering will have the opportunity to work in the digital fashion industry, a fast-growing and innovative area that is transforming the way people create their own identities in the digital world.
The Fabricant is at the forefront of this revolution, and we are looking for talented individuals who are passionate about fashion and technology to join our team. We offer a competitive salary, flexible working hours, and a dynamic work environment with opportunities for growth and career advancement.
Why The Fabricant?
We were one of the first digital-only Fashion houses; disruption and revolution are in our blood
We are creative + curious; from Fashion Design to VFX to Crypto Tokenomics, we are home to a wildly diverse set of skills & talent
All that we do centres around our 3 values: collaboration, empathy + fun
We are helping to ready the metaverse by building a B2C platform that is sustainable, equitable and sexy
We are scaling fast and helping to ready the metaverse for wider adoption 
Helping to realise a diverse web3 industry is our passion
Benefits & Perks:
25 days of holiday
1 extra day of holiday added for every year of service up to an additional 5 (so 30 in total)
Wellbeing days to be used on days when someone is not sick but simply needs a day to rest when they are not feeling their best
3 days a year dedicated to volunteering opportunities of their choice
Your birthday off assuming it falls on a working day
The office is closed between Xmas and NY with no impact to Holiday Allowance to allow for a dedicated stretch of rest
Remote working
Flexible working
ESOP options (allocation TBC)
Mental Health support as and when needed with external professionals
8 weeks of paid Sabbatical Leave after 5 years of service
Much more in the pipeline as we grow :)
Our Values:
Fun: The best way to innovate is by working with a fail-free mentality.
Collaboration: To be a true digital-only fashion house we need to collaborate and cross-pollinate across skillsets to form the future of the fashion industry.
Empathy: We are all people and want to lead the organisation by putting emotional, physical and spiritual well-being at the core of the organisation.
Socials
Twitter
Discord
Twitch
Instagram
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/the-fabricant-head-of-engineering-web3/
--------------------------
Title: Community Manager
Description: About us
We’re building a smart contract wallet leveraging EIP-4337 that puts security in the center for its customers. The team has extensive experience in fintech, crypto, and cryptography and has raised $3.5M from top-tier VCs.
Role
A key role in developing a customer engagement strategy. You will be responsible for building and engaging the community using Twitter and Discord, while creating regular content (via blogs, newsletters, etc.) You will engage with our community, build our audience, create strong social copy that maintains our brand voice and optimise content.
Business objectives
Engage with our community on Discord and Twitter to build and maintain relationships
Create and curate content for our social media platforms
Develop strategies to grow our community and increase engagement
Analyse and report on the effectiveness of all activities in an effort to maximise results
Report KPIs and metrics for the team and regularly update leadership and stakeholders on initiatives
Translating complex technical concepts into engaging content to drive engagement adoption
Provide excellent customer service to community members
You’ll bring
+2 years of experience managing social media platforms, specifically Discord and Twitter
Personal or professional experience with cryptocurrency
Proven ability to define, monitor, and report on metrics related to content
Understanding of social media analytics and metrics
Thrive in autonomous, ambiguous roles
Strong attention to detail
Experience establishing KPIs, delivering, reporting, and empowering others to achieve targets
Excellent language, copywriting, and interpersonal skills
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/qubit-community-manager/
--------------------------
Title: UI Developer (Fullstack)
Description: Blockswap is a permissionless middle layer for Web3 ensuring blockchain benefits accessible to mainstream users.
Blockswap Labs, a core contributor to the Blockswap Network, is building a suite of products to support the Ethereum Proof of Stake benefits to be accessible for mainstream users and protocols. We are consistently trying to push the envelope, solving some of the most challenging problems in Ethereum and its Rollup Ecosystem for Defi and Web 3. We delivered Industry’s first 60 secs ETH staking, Keyless recovery for Etheruem Validators, and Restakng collectives via Liquid Staking Derivatives that enable anyone to have a validator for 4 ETH. 
Our team is one of the most impactful and knowledgeable in Cross-chain Communication and introduced bridgeless multichain liquidity. We are a very diverse, globally distributed team and a key proponent of the Rollup-centric future of Ethereum. We focus on last-mile user onboarding, and our ecosystem has grown from strength to strength. 
The company was founded by leading cross-chain specialists and DeFi engineers. We are a small team crushing the scene with a passion for a decentralized future, currently active on MEV, Bridgeless multichain token transfers, and liquidity management.
The Role
We are looking for an experienced Fullstack Front End Engineer to join our Engineering team. This is a key role in designing modern interfaces focusing on UX to deliver the best experience for blockswap products.
You will collaborate closely with the product, design UX/UI, and backend engineering teams to ship features and develop new solutions for Stakehouse protocol interfaces and analytics.
You must have a sense of style and a passion for creating high-impact UX and setting new standards for DeFi, with good knowledge of best practices of web3 development and Solidity web integration.
We’re a startup in the growth phase and expanding our team rapidly. If you’re someone who loves taking the initiative and getting things done as a self-learner, the potential for your professional growth is unlimited as long as you are up for new challenges. This is an executioner role for a new product; if you are looking to replicate and extend your old experience, this is not for you, don’t bother!
Note this is a remote-only role, and the applicant must be willing to work in UK time zones.
Responsibilities
Build out blockswap Stakehouse dapp using React, NextJs, and web3 libraries to create responsive, performant user interfaces.
Implement W3C-based front-end development experience with node.js, React, and typescript.
Shepherd product scope from designs and specifications to live deployments and ensure they are tested thoroughly
Excellent written communication skills in English.
Translate  Wireframes, prototypes on figma designs, develop and maintain user Interfaces, like DeFi protocol dApps and analytics dashboard.
You will be creating dapps interacting with Ethereum Smart Contracts written in Solidity. Additionally, you’ll be deploying websites using the traditional Server/DNS approach and IPFS/ENS. 
Our dapps will interact with other services built in different levels of decentralization: REST APIs, The Graph / Infura/Alchemy/ or any other public Ethereum Node Networks.
Contribute with the best practices to create open infrastructure and ensure it adheres to the industry standards in terms of QA
Requirements
You must be a team player and who essential a contributor
JavaScript/Typescript and Defi/NFT experience with a minimum of 3 years of professional experience building responsive/adaptive web applications using W3C ARIA.
Expert-level React with a preference for working with hooks, designing and developing APIs with knowledge of GraphQL backends
Open Source software development experience with defining and delivering reusable front-end architectures and possess desirable  Git and Github skills.
Good understanding of Test Driven Development (TDD) and highly testable code with software documentation procedures
Experience with large and complex code bases,
Knowledge about solving blockchain UX challenges (wallets, gas, etc)
You have previously worked for a hypergrowth company (from early startup to mid-size).
Bonus
Excellent practical knowledge of JavaScript, React, CSS3
Comfortable working with TypeScript,  NodeJS, Hardhat, Docker, Solidity, React Native
Familiarity with databases and full-stack frameworks (NodeJS/Express, CSS, HTML, Typescript), 
You understand client-server communication: HTTP, REST, caching and Graph Protocol, and Ethereum blockchain indexing experience.
Familiarity with Node.js, bash scripting, CI services like Github Actions, TravisCI
Good grip on Web3 technologies on Ethereum and experience with Solidity, EVM, Rust, or smart contracts
Blockswap is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We embrace all qualified persons to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please feel free to let us know.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/blockswap-network-ui-developer-fullstack/
--------------------------
Title: Front-End Engineer
Description: About Bebop
Bebop is a decentralized trading platform that aims to deliver a step-change user experience to trading on DeFi.
We believe that DeFi is the future of finance facilitating true innovation, economic freedom and the ability to create the best financial products. At Bebop, we are on a mission to make superior trading products with efficient execution available to anyone. We will be driven by the best practices of user experience with user-centric design at the heart of everything we do, making products fun and easy to use. And we will work relentlessly and leverage our deepest expertise to become a leader in the industry.
Bebop was born and incubated at Wintermute, one of the largest trading companies in crypto and a leading liquidity powerhouse in DeFi.
Learn more about bebop at bebop.xyz, Twitter, Discord and Medium.
Working for Bebop
At Bebop you will have an opportunity to grow professionally and make a direct impact on the business. You will work very closely with our product and engineering teams to improve your knowledge of building high-performance scalable applications and understand broader system architecture.
We are looking for a Front-End Engineer who is passionate about building products/applications that people find useful and that help grow the business. You will be responsible for all things Front-end related; this includes developing front end applications for Bebop as well as internal trading applications. A great advantage of this position is that it is varied, and you will have a unique opportunity to shape it, including selecting significant parts of the tech stack.
Hard Skills Requirements
Knowledge of front-end tech stack: node.js, npm, javascript, typescript and popular frameworks such as React (please have examples front-ends that you built ready)
Nice to have requirements
Basic understanding of infrastructure required for frontend/servers: CDN, Cloudflare or similar, webservers.
Experience with Web3 is a strong plus, but not mandatory
Python knowledge is a strong plus, but not mandatory
Bebop Offer
A unique opportunity to work on a startup from zero to one with all the impact of early employees, while having a reliable backing (financial, technological and business expertise) from one of the industry’s top players
An amazing culture, defined as ambitious, knowledgeable and fun
Work flexibility: while we have location preferences for our hubs (New York, London, Singapore, Sydney).
Application Process
1st Stage: Technical interview along with a live coding session
2nd Stage: Technical interview with our Head of Product and Designers
3rd Stage: Take home design task followed by presenting it to one of our Engineers
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/bebop-front-end-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Accountant
Description: About Us
ZORA is a group of individuals working towards a new paradigm for creators by enabling the creation, curation, and collection of NFTs. We believe that by enabling a more equitable system for creators and communities, we will fundamentally rediscover the power of the internet.
We’re working tirelessly to make ZORA available to as many creators as possible. Our mission is to build a new creator and community-owned economy.
Who we’re looking for
ZORA is looking for an experienced Senior Accountant who will help bring the accounting function in-house and take full ownership of the day-to-day accounting. Bonus points if you are already familiar with crypto accounting or are interested in learning!
What you’ll do:
Responsible for managing the books and performing day-to-day accounting operations (AR/AP, cash reconciliation, Crypto Cost Accounting, Accruals, Monthly Close, Tax, Payroll, Audit (future), and any special projects)
Manage the preparation and integrity of GAAP-compliant monthly, quarterly, and annual financial statements by reviewing journal entries, reconciliations and variance analysis
Establish, document, and maintain adequate and effective accounting controls and policies to improve the monthly close and to ensure timely and accurate reporting, especially when dealing with crypto transactions
Implement internal controls and safeguards over company assets, payments of authorized expenses, compliance with contractual obligations, and compliance with company policies
Desire to improve existing processes, automate activities, and reduce redundant reports
Assist in annual budgeting process and educate and guide teams on how to allocate/plan budgets
Act as the primary liaison with our external tax consultants and auditors and manage these relationships to maintain compliance and ensure due diligence readiness
Work cross functionally to support other departments and act as trusted partner and colleague
Lead ERP exploration and implementation in the future
We’d love if you had:
CPA license
3-6 years of progressive accounting experience including a mix of audit, public and private startup experience
Able to work US working hours (PST, Mountain time, CST or EST)
Some experience in crypto, consumer internet, e-commerce, FinTech, or related technology fields
A self-starter that is motivated to find optimal and efficient ways of doing things and establishing scalable new processes
Driven and excited to help build a scalable and efficient accounting and finance department, including its OKRs/KPIs (full cycle experience)
Deep understanding of GAAP / Strong knowledge of internal controls and financial reporting
Experience with doing state sales tax registration and filings
Have a great sense of autonomy, organization, and teamwork - meets deadlines
High attention to detail and excellent critical thinking
Strong communication skills: including the ability to articulate financial results and variances
Advanced Excel and Google Sheets skills
Experience with our tech stack: QBO, Bill.com, Brex, Gusto, Integral and Bitwave
Excited by our mission and the challenge of working in a fast-paced environment
Willingness to learn about NFTs, art, cryptocurrency, and anything web3
BA/BS in Accounting, Finance or Business Administration
Ability to take ownership of and grow out all accounting functions
What we offer:
An unique opportunity to be part of the growing crypto/NFT community early on, making a meaningful impact to the team as well as the world
Remote first working culture
1.2 ETH per year to explore on Zora platform: for minting NFTs or dropping your own NFTs!
Expense budget for home setup
Annual learning & development stipend
Compensation: $70,000-$115,000 USD per year depending on experience
Benefits
ZORA provides top quality medical, dental, and vision insurance, with a flexible time-off policy and a new Macbook Pro for full-time employees. Employees also receive equity.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/zora-senior-accountant/
--------------------------
Title: Product Engineering Manager
Description: Edge & Node is a creative software development company working to build a vibrant, decentralized future. Founded by the initial team behind The Graph, Edge & Node is dedicated to the advancement of web3, a decentralized and fair internet where public data is available to all—an internet that enables its users to increase agency over their creations and their lives.
Edge & Node’s initial product is The Graph, an indexing protocol for querying networks like Ethereum and IPFS, which ensures open data is always available and easy to access. The Graph is used by thousands of protocols and dapps including Uniswap, Livepeer, Aave, Decentraland, and more.
The Product Engineering team develops browser-based products including dapps, apps, and beautiful marketing pages. We value attention to detail, a sense of ownership, and a willingness to improve. The team is highly collaborative and very passionate about web3 technologies. The team structure is comprised of Product Engineers, UI Engineers and QA. We collaborate closely with the Design team and other teams across time zones and push the boundaries of what is possible. 
We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Product Engineering Manager. They will support the individuals on this team and build a culture of collaboration and predictable software delivery. The Product Engineering team is building our core browser-enabled products such as Studio, Explorer and supporting components, and also marketing UIs, such as The Graph website and E&N website. This management position requires a strong understanding of growing teams and processes and will be accountable for the overall team’s performance and quality of software. 
What You’ll Be Doing
Leading day-to-day activities of our Product Engineering team, including sprint planning, and requirements gathering
Managing the Product Engineering team, providing guidance and mentorship to ensure their success and bolster their future career development
Working closely as part of the engineering management team, collaborating with executives, external partners, and the broader organization to prioritize engineering efforts and allocate resources effectively
Fostering a culture of creativity, collaboration and resourcefulness, making sure that continuous improvements are made in the engineering team
Collaborating closely with Design team, and make sure that relevant feedback is being addressed 
What We Expect
3-5 years of experience managing small to medium size teams
Strong technical background
Experience with developing browser-based software applications
Some experience with blockchain products
Prior exposure to startup environments is desirable 
Strong verbal and written communication skills with excellent interpersonal communication and collaboration skills
About The Graph
The Graph is the indexing and query layer of web3. The Graph Network’s self service experience for developers launched in July 2021. Developers build and publish open APIs, called subgraphs, that applications can query using GraphQL. The Graph supports indexing data from multiple different networks including Ethereum, NEAR, Arbitrium, Optimism, Polygon, Avalanche, Celo, Fantom, Moonbeam, IPFS, and PoA with more networks coming soon. To date, tens-of-thousands of subgraphs have been deployed on the hosted service, and now subgraphs can be deployed directly on the network. Over 28,000 developers have built subgraphs for applications such as Uniswap, Synthetix, KnownOrigin, Art Blocks, Balancer, Livepeer, DAOstack, Audius, Decentraland, and many others.
If you are a developer building an application or web3 application, you can use subgraphs for indexing and querying data from blockchains. The Graph allows applications to efficiently and performantly present data in a UI and allows other developers to use your subgraph too! You can deploy a subgraph to the network using the newly launched Subgraph Studio or query existing subgraphs that are in the Graph Explorer. The Graph would love to welcome you to be Indexers, Curators and/or Delegators on The Graph’s mainnet. Join The Graph community by introducing yourself in The Graph Discord for technical discussions, join The Graph’s Telegram chat, and follow The Graph on Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram, Facebook, Reddit, and Medium! The Graph’s developers and members of the community are always eager to chat with you, and The Graph ecosystem has a growing community of developers who support each other.
The Graph Foundation oversees The Graph Network. The Graph Foundation is overseen by the Technical Council. Edge & Node, StreamingFast, Messari, Semiotic  and The Guild are five of the many organizations within The Graph ecosystem.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/edge-node-product-engineering-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Personal Assistant
Description: I’m a blockchain developer. I’ve been building different DeFi projects for years for my clients.
I’m looking for a personal assistant who understands DeFi/blockchain, and can help organically grow my Twitter account.
The ideal candidate must have:
Native fluency in English
Demonstrated experience writing compelling content with a sense of humor that fits the crypto Twitter space
An account on Twitter with at least 10,000 followers and a link to the account
Knowledge and expertise in researching new things in DeFi blockchain space
Ability to actively participate in thread discussions on Crypto Twitter
Ability to create original, eye-catching memes related to topics discussed in the crypto space
Please reach out on Telegram (ksshilov) to discuss further.
Estimated budget is ~$3-5K per month.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/defititan-personal-assistant/
--------------------------
Title: Product Manager
Description: We are a US based, VC backed, LIVE DeFi protocol (Original protocol built in-house).
Team has been in crypto from the beginning (we mined Bitcoin, participated in Ethereum crowdsale and then “DeFi”), and now is trying to change the world.
If you:
Physically located between PST and EST time - a must
You are a DeFi “local” not a “tourist”. You personally and/or professionally invest/build/analyze/involved in DeFi
You have at least 2 years of product management experience - B2C PM a major advantage.
Want to join a small team and do your best work
How to apply:
LinkedIn profile
What you are currently do in DeFi
That’s it. We respect your time. So we don’t need a cover letter, resume etc…
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/archimedes-finance-product-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Associate
Description: Lattice is an early-stage crypto venture fund that helps founders build defensible moats. We’ve been investing since summer 2021 and have backed 60+ incredible companies including Galxe, Layer3, Lit Protocol, Immunefi, and Stardust. We recently closed our second fund to continue building out the best early-stage firm in the industry. You can read more about Lattice here.
We’re hiring an Associate to help us source and diligence investments, provide support for our existing portfolio, and help us grow our firm. You’ll be the fourth member of our investing team and work directly with some of the best early-stage teams in the industry.
The Role
As an Associate at Lattice, you’ll work closely with our investment team to surface opportunities, drive deals forward, and lead research on various Web3 categories. You’ll support our GP’s in a range of areas including:
Being the most informed investment team member on market categories that excite you.
Producing and publishing deep research.
Helping the investment team evaluate new opportunities through market research, on-chain data, and other diligence.
Sourcing deals by meeting entrepreneurs, attending conferences, and joining relevant communities.
Supporting our portfolio companies. We often help with GTM strategy and have published a number of case studies on portfolio companies (e.g. Layer3, Project Galaxy).
Being an active contributor to the crypto community and assisting in developing the Lattice brand.
Requirements
Native understanding and deep curiosity for web3.
You love research and have strong analytical capabilities.
Bonus points for a technical background and active crypto network or project contributions. Also for familiarity with on chain analytics tools including Dune Analytics and Nansen.
High EQ and ability to build and cultivate a network of long-term relationships.
Benefits
Lattice is a remote-first team of four. We get the team together for off-sites two to four times per year.
Competitive salary and carried interest in Lattice funds
Generous benefits
Fast-paced, low ego workplace
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/lattice-associate/
--------------------------
Title: Fraud Analyst
Description: Agency: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
Position: Fraud Analyst
Location: Atlanta, GA; Boston, MA; Chicago, IL; Denver, CO; Fort Worth, TX; Los Angeles, CA; Miami, FL; New York, NY; Philadelphia, PA; Salt Lake City, UT; San Francisco, CA; Washington, DC
Salary: $118,651 - $246,926 per year
Open & Close Dates: 03/31/2023 to 04/14/2023
Job Link: https://www.usajobs.gov/job/716517200
Summary:
The Division of Enforcement’s Crypto Assets and Cyber Unit (CACU) operates on a nationwide basis, exercises the full range of the Division’s investigative and law enforcement powers, and focuses on violations of the federal securities laws.
If selected, you will join a well-respected team that is responsible for developing and maintaining specialized knowledge and expertise in the identification and investigation of cyber-related misconduct in one of the advertised locations.
Conditions of Employment: This position is open to U.S. Citizens.
Typical duties include:
Understanding and interpreting technical aspects of crypto asset transactions, markets, and processes, including blockchain technology and so-called decentralized finance protocols;
Developing and maintaining expertise with a variety of crypto asset tools and resources, including crypto-asset tracing tools;
Analyzing smart contracts;
Developing and implementing techniques and protocols to more accurately and rapidly detect illegal crypto asset related activity affecting the securities markets, such as wash trading, front running and other forms of market manipulation, fraudulent claims about protocols and platforms, touting, and other violations;
Conducting detailed analysis of large data sets associated with crypto asset transactions, including on-chain and off-chain data;
Working on investigations within the Crypto Assets and Cyber Unit and throughout the Enforcement Division;
Identifying trends and patterns across a wide-range of crypto asset related investigations;
Representing the Crypto Assets and Cyber Unit in connection with areas of their responsibility, and carrying the requisite authority as team leader on projects; and
Developing and implementing techniques to utilize key data and information to aid in the investigation of crypto asset activity and violations of the US securities laws.
Qualifications
Qualifying experience may be obtained in the private or public sector. Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience. Qualifying education must have been obtained from an accredited college or university recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
Minimum qualification requirement:
SK-14: Applicant must have at least one year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS/SK-13 level. Specialized experience includes ALL of the following:
(1) Experience with blockchain technology and/or so-called decentralized finance protocols;
(2) Performing crypto asset tracing and/or analyzing smart contracts;
(3) Conducting analysis of large data sets; and
(4) Developing and maintaining expertise with crypto asset and cyber-related tools and resources.
Education:
Official transcripts will be required at the time of appointment to verify education, if applicable.
FOREIGN EDUCATION: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, visit.
Additional Information:
SEC Compensation Program: The overall salary range listed above is provided for informational purposes as it represents the full range that is applicable to current employees in this occupation/grade; however, a selectee’s initial pay is always set below the maximum rate of the range. Please click here for additional information.
Reasonable Accommodation: If you are an applicant who needs a reasonable accommodation for disability to participate in the application process at the SEC, submit the form for Reasonable Accommodation for Participation in Job Application Process here. Please be sure to submit your request at least 5 business days in advance of the date you need the requested accommodation.
Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Information for SEC Job Applicants: Federal EEO laws protect all applicants from discrimination on the following bases: race, color, sex (not limited to conduct which is sexual in nature, includes pregnancy, gender identity, sexual orientation, transgender status), age (40 and over), religion, national origin, disability, genetic information, retaliation for participating in the EEO process or opposing discrimination. Applicants who believe they have been discriminated against on any EEO basis can seek recourse through the SEC’s administrative complaints process. To be timely, an individual must enter the EEO process within 45 days from when they know (or should have known) of the alleged discrimination. Click here for additional information.
TTY/ASCII: Video Relay Service users are welcome to contact the appropriate SEC office or employee via the contact information listed above. If you do not otherwise have access to a Video Phone or Video Relay service, you may send us an email or use the Federal Video Relay Service via the internet. For more information about using the Federal Relay Service and to create a new account, please see here.
Additional guidance and application instructions can be found here.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-fraud-analyst/
--------------------------
Title: Ventures Lead
Description: About Us
Chorus One is one of the leading operators of infrastructure for Proof-of-Stake networks and decentralized protocols. Tens of thousands of retail customers and institutions are staking around 800M USD in assets through our infrastructure helping to secure protocols and earn rewards. Our mission is to operate infrastructure for decentralized networks to increase freedom and sovereignty. We are a diverse team of around 50 people distributed all over the globe. We value radical transparency, striving for excellence and continuous improvement while treating each other with kindness and generosity. If this sounds like you, we’d love to hear from you.
The role
To supplement our extraordinary growth in 2022, we are seeking a Ventures Lead to set the strategy for Chorus One 30M Ventures Fund, research, identify, and source investment opportunities in promising early-stage blockchain projects and protocols.
This is an exciting opportunity to work closely with the most innovative crypto-native startup companies building the future together, for a decentralized, internet-native, open, and permissionless financial system.
Responsibilities
Develop and execute Ventures strategy for Chorus One, aligned with the company’s overall vision and goals.
Lead and manage the Ventures team, providing guidance, mentorship, and support to ensure the team’s success.
Research and identify Proof-of-Stake infrastructure, interoperability/MEV protocol designs, macro trends, and emerging narratives to find the most promising investment opportunities.
Represent Chorus One at conferences and other events to identify new investment opportunities and develop relationships that can accelerate the growth of Chorus Ventures.
Build and maintain a network of key industry players, including founders, investors, and thought leaders, to source and screen potential venture deals.
Lead due diligence efforts on potential investments, including protocol and market evaluation, risk assessment, and financial analysis.
Monitor and report on portfolio companies, providing guidance and support to help them achieve their goals.
Identify and analyze relevant data and metrics to improve decision making, services, and external communications.
Develop and maintain relationships with existing portfolio companies, working closely with their teams to support their growth and success.
The ideal candidate:
A crypto-native autonomous learner with a passion for the industry and a keen interest in staying up-to-date with the latest trends and technologies.
Has the ability to shift from a wide topline view into deep technical details, with a strong understanding of Proof-of-Stake infrastructure, interoperability/MEV protocol designs, and emerging narratives.
Has excellent interpersonal and networking and communication skills, with the ability to develop and maintain business relationships both within and outside the organization.
Has experience in structured research and data-driven analysis, with the ability to synthesize important financial and technical data and information in a reliable and efficient manner.
Can take initiative and work independently, with a strong sense of ownership and accountability for their work.
Has a private interest in cryptocurrencies and is active in the community, with particular expertise in staking.
Although the company is 100% remote, the ideal candidate should be willing to travel 30-40% of the time as required.
At least 3 years of prior venture capital/ private equity investing experience is required. Total 5-10 years of relevant work experience (e.g., venture capital firm, venture-funded startup, top-tier consulting firm, or investment bank)
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits
Competitive salary $110k - 160k/year + equity + benefits
Autonomy and ownership in a friendly and supportive work environment and the opportunity for rapid growth
Remote, but not alone. We are a strong global collaborative environment
All-expense paid team retreats at various destinations. Past retreats took place in Egypt, Serbia, Kenya, USA, South Korea, Greece, Dubai.
Remote working budget (Laptop, co-working space, etc)
Personal development budget
Gather experience and build your network in the vibrant crypto ecosystem.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/chorus-one-ventures-lead/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Credit Analyst
Description: About M11 Credit
M11 Credit operates at the forefront of bringing traditional capital markets on-chain by providing fixed income investment opportunities and credit solutions to established and profitable (crypto-native) companies.
M11 Credit is part of the M11 Group, a global blockchain and crypto-native investment firm founded in 2015 with headquarters in Amsterdam.
About Credit Underwriting
Since July 2021 we have underwritten more than $750m in loans through our participation on Maple Finance, one of the most established protocols in Decentralised Finance (DeFi). We predominantly issue loans to crypto-native market making and trading firms by applying best in class underwriting practices derived from traditional finance combined with a deep understanding of the crypto eco-system.
Creditworthiness is assessed, among other things, based on a borrower’s balance sheet, recent profitability, leverage, liquidity risk, internal (risk) control systems, as well as expertise and track record of the team. On-chain activity is also closely monitored.
The Role
To enable operating at the highest standard of portfolio and risk management, a skilled team with backgrounds in leveraged finance, securities trading and merchant banking, manages the loan book(s) to ensure that the strategies are adhered to and yields are optimized without losing sight of the main objective: capital preservation.
M11 Credit is looking to add a Senior Credit Analyst to the team. The role calls for a seasoned professional with a high level of autonomy who is comfortable taking ownership of the underwriting process and who brings an objective and critical view to.
The successful candidate will likely have 7+ years experience in investment banking, leveraged or structured finance, private credit or similar environments where he/she has built a strong track record. And last but not least shares our belief that crypto offers an opportunity to construct monetary, finance, and technology systems that provide accessible, efficient, fair, and sustainable alternatives to legacy (capital) markets.
Responsibilities
Take ownership of the underwriting process and credit assessment framework
Construct and manage a well diversified loan book within the defined risk and concentration parameters
Monitor credit risk of a counterparty during the lifetime of a loan
Manage relations with existing borrowers and actively pursue new prospective borrowers
Requirements
7+ years relevant experience in financial services, investment banking, asset management or (credit) hedge funds
Strong credit underwriting and portfolio management skills
A working knowledge of market making strategies is a plus
Accountable with a strong sense of ownership and who thrives under pressure
A passion for Crypto/Blockchain/Web3 and its potential applications for the future of finance
Track record of working with team members from across a business to coordinate the execution of projects
Entrepreneurial and flexible mindset
Preferably based in Europe or US
What’s in it for you
Salary and incentives (bonus)
Work in our brand new office in the heart of Amsterdam
Flexibility to work from home
A highly motivated young team
Friday afternoon drinks on our rooftop
Frequent team building events
Are you up to the challenge? Then we would like to get in touch with you!
For more information, please contact:
Galit Dunkelgrun
galit@maven11.com
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/m11-credit-senior-credit-analyst/
--------------------------
Title: Founding Full-Stack Engineer
Description: Who We Are:
E-Horizon is building derivative infrastructure to enable Ethereum to transform into the Global Internet Bond via delta-neutral positions on stETH to create the first crypto-native, yield bearing stablecoin: eUSD.
We believe creating a stablecoin which is not reliant on existing banking infrastructure is the single most important product in crypto today.
eUSD will form the first part of a broader ecosystem of products we are building including money markets, undercollateralized credit accounts and an internal futures exchange.
Our core values focus on individuals with internal drive, curiosity, and determination. We allow you the freedom to work anywhere in the world.
We are looking for team members to join the core founding team with equity offered for all positions.
Who We are Looking For:
Front-End or Full-Stack Engineer who is passionate about building products/applications within DeFi.
Individual who is excited by the opportunity to join a founding core team and drive a product from zero to one.
At least 2 years of experience in developing front-ends for live blockchain apps or smart contracts and can provide examples of prior work.
A genuine passion for building technology and pushing forward innovation in DeFi.
An individual who is curious and always looking to learn new concepts on the overlap between frontier technology and financial concepts.
You can write and speak fluent English.
Responsibilities
You will be responsible for all Front-End related output across the business, but will have lateral freedom to develop and build back-end contracts as well.
This includes developing front ends for both the users interacting through DeFi, as well as internal dashboard on risk positions for the protocol which will be open and available to users and exchanges.
Working directly with custody and exchange providers to build information on the ongoing solvency and equity positions of internal accounts.
Creative license to push the boundaries of DeFi design.
Collaborate with the team and cross-functional partners on all aspects of product development including smart contract back-end engineers and product teams.
Mentor team members to refine their technical and architectural skills
Requirements
Strong knowledge of Front-End tech stack: Node.js, Npm, Javascript, Typescript and popular frameworks such as React (please have examples front-ends that you built ready).
Experience interacting with exchange APIs is preferred but not required.
Experience with managing a secure enterprise Github with version control.
Basic working knowledge of Solidity preferred.
Basic understanding of infrastructure required for frontend/servers: CDN, Cloudflare or similar, webservers.
Python knowledge is a strong preference, but not mandatory.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/e-horizon-founding-full-stack-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Founding Solidity Engineer
Description: Who We Are:
E-Horizon is building derivative infrastructure to enable Ethereum to transform into the Global Internet Bond via delta-neutral positions on stETH to create the first crypto-native, yield bearing stablecoin: eUSD.
We believe creating a stablecoin which is not reliant on existing banking infrastructure is the single most important product in crypto today.
eUSD will form the first part of a broader ecosystem of products we are building including money markets, undercollateralized credit accounts and an internal futures exchange.
Our core values focus on individuals with internal drive, curiosity, and determination. We allow you the freedom to work anywhere in the world.
We are looking for team members to join the core founding team with equity offered for all positions.
Who We are Looking For:
A senior level engineer with a background in developing Solidity based smart contracts who is excited to join as a core founding member and drive all decision making and management of the engineering team.
At least 2 years of experience in developing live blockchain apps or smart contracts and can provide code samples that demonstrate this.
A genuine passion for building technology and pushing forward innovation in DeFi.
An individual who is curious and always looking to learn new concepts on the overlap between frontier technology and financial concepts.
Analytical problem solver who is excited by the opportunity to build new startups and products and is unafraid to push the boundaries of what’s possible with technology.
Strong knowledge of other open-source technologies.
You can write and speak fluent English.
Responsibilities:
Design and build automated delta-neutral derivative strategies within smart contracts which will implement customized algorithms to efficiently capture the most efficient arbitrage opportunities across DeFi and centralized derivative venues.
Working with custody and exchange providers to build secure connectivity to various venues via our smart contracts.
Envision and develop features to help build new features around the core stablecoin product, including money markets and internal AMM functionality.
Collaborate with the team and cross-functional partners on all aspects of product development.
Mentor team members to refine their technical and architectural skills.
Take a security first approach to smart contract development.
Requirements:
4+ years of general software engineering industry experience with at least 2+ years of Solidity experience and working directly on a mainnet launched DeFi application.
Have an advanced knowledge of Git, GitHub, Hardhat/Foundry (or other similar frameworks).
Experience with managing a secure enterprise Github with associated version control.
Have an in-depth and up-to-date practical knowledge of the DeFi (and broader crypto) landscape.
Experience interacting with exchange APIs is preferred but not required.
Deep knowledge of Solidity safety and best practices for bug-free smart contracts
Strong test suite knowledge and experience.
Ability to work in areas beyond your comfort zone and motivated by personal growth in learning about financial concepts which overlap directly in the engineering implementation.
Knowledge of either Python or C++ also highly preferred but not required.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/e-horizon-founding-solidity-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Solidity Developer
Description: Are you a talented developer looking for a remote job that lets you showcase your skills while also enjoying better compensation and career growth? Look no further than Lemon.io, the marketplace that connects you with hand-picked startups in the US and Europe.
Here are some reasons why you’ll love working with us:
We understand that respecting your time is key to your success, which is why we match you with teams that won’t micromanage or require time trackers.
You can earn a monthly salary of $5k - $10k (note that this range is a good faith estimate of likely pay for this role; upon hire, the pay may differ due to skill and/or level of experience), and we’ve already paid out over $10M to our engineers.
With flexible working hours and the ability to work asynchronously, you can choose a schedule that works best for you.
Say goodbye to project managers, and hello to direct communication with clients. Most of them have technical backgrounds. Sounds good, yeah?
We support you throughout the entire recruitment process.
No more hunting for clients or negotiating rates - let us handle the business side of things so you can focus on what you do best.
Enjoy the fast-paced startup environment that will keep you motivated and engaged.
Pass the recruitment process now and start working when you’re ready * even if that’s a few months down the line.
We’ll manually find you the best project to match your skills and preferences.
Connect with the best developers in the world through our community.
Requirements:
1+ year of experience in Solidity smart contracts development: coding, testing, deployment
Openzeppelin, upgradable smart contracts, common patterns
Knowledge of most commonly used Ethereum token standards (ERC 20, 777, 721, 864, etc.)
Strong understanding of DeFi protocols (Uniswap, Balancer, AAVE, Compound, etc.)
Good understanding of current web3 & blockchain industry trends.
Very good analytical and problem-solving skills.
A good understanding of performance and optimization.
Ability to write clean, maintainable and portable code
Good command of English, both written and spoken, as you’ll be communicating with clients directly.
Strong organizational skills — ability to work full-time remotely with no supervision
Responsibility — we want to trust you!
Soft skills — we value clear and effective communication, at the same time don’t force you becoming a public speaker
Ready to take your career to the next level? Apply now and join the Lemon.io family!
Recruitment process:
VideoAsk (about 10 minutes)
Completing your me.lemon profile
30 minutes Screening call with our Recruiters
Technical Interview with our Developers
Feedback
Magic Box (we are looking for best project for you)
P.S. We work with developers from LATAM, Canada, UK, Europe BUT we have some exceptions.
At the moment, we don’t have a legal basis to accept applicants from Monaco, Netherlands, Belgium, Sweden, Belarus, Russia, Serbia, Switherland, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Ireland, Luxemburg, Iceland, Liechtenshtain, San Marino, Belize, Cuba, Jamaica, Nicaragua, Saint Lucia, so we don’t work with applicants from these countries.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/lemon-io-solidity-developer/
--------------------------
Title: Marketing & Communications
Description: At karpatkey, we’re looking for a Marketing & Communications Professional to lead the marketing and communications strategies and the execution of all related initiatives.
Responsibilities
Be the driving force behind the creation and implementation of marketing and communications strategies and campaigns that will take karpatkey to the next level;
Defining and evaluating marketing activities and budget planning;
Developing and optimizing marketing funnels;
Ongoing monitoring of industry trends, market changes and competitor activities;
Engaging with a crypto-native audience by utilizing web3 marketing and community tools/platforms;
Leading the development and distribution of creative content such as short videos, memes, and infographics;
Writing high-quality pieces in a variety of media, such as in-depth technical articles, community updates, social media posts, educational material, and blog posts;
Hosting regular events through karpatkey’s community channels.
Qualifications
Be an entrepreneurial, strategic and results-driven marketer with 3+ years experience in a marketing role;
2+ years experience in a marketing role within a web3 organization, a deep practical understanding of the DeFi landscape;
Passion for Defi and crypto and ideally a solid understanding of dApps, Ethereum as well as Yield Farming;
Strong personality and solid communication skills;
Very good command of the English language, both written and spoken (C1).
Benefits
Home office;
Flexible hours;
PTO Benefits;
Yearly training budget;
Home-office equipment budget;
Bonus award.
*When applying, please add a link to your CV & Cover Letter.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/karpatkey-marketing-communications/
--------------------------
Title: Product Owner
Description: At karpatkey, we’re looking for a Product Owner to join our product team, responsible for developing the future of on-chain asset management. As a Product Owner, you will lead the vision and roadmap of key product lines at karpatkey. You’re at the intersection of what the user wants and what the business needs, and are responsible for setting the product strategy.
Responsibilities
Own the vision, strategy, roadmap, and delivery for karpatkey’s products;
Develop a deep understanding of all stakeholders - leadership, founders, and other community members;
Work alongside engineering teams;
Drive execution of all processes in the product lifecycle, including product and market research, competitor analysis, planning, positioning, requirements and roadmap development, and product launch;
Prioritize product features and communicate the reason behind this to stakeholders;
Identify and gather data necessary to drive decisions and shape products.
Qualifications
A proven track record of product management and product launches;
Crypto/web3 native;
10+ years of experience working with engineering teams and driving software deliverables;
Technologist by experience or education; comfortable communicating high-level benefits and digging into the technical weeds;
Strong emotional intelligence, communication skills, and ability to build consensus among a diverse cross-functional team;
Can translate complex and fuzzy data into actionable priorities and work tasks;
Passionate about developing captivating user experiences that will make blockchain technology accessible to anyone;
Experience working remotely with a globally distributed team.
Benefits
Home office;
Flexible hours;
PTO Benefits;
Yearly training budget;
Home-office equipment budget;
Bonus award.
*When applying, please add a link to your CV & Cover Letter.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/karpatkey-product-owner/
--------------------------
Title: Business Development Intern
Description: Intro:
Gelato is Web3’s decentralized backend empowering builders to create augmented smart contracts that are automated, gasless & off-chain aware.
Leading Web3 projects rely on Gelato to power the execution of millions of transactions across DeFi, NFT and Gaming.
Join our team and work directly with the founders to build the future of web3 infrastructure. Enjoy a lot of perks, travel with us to cool events, and participate in amazing off-site retreats with the team!
Watch a short summary.
What you’ll accomplish:
Scanning the web3 market for new partners and establishing the first point of contact
Qualifying existing business development opportunities
Conducting research on new ways on how to use Gelato products for our existing partners
Work closely with the business development and marketing team on new ways of driving growth
What we offer:
A fully remote team with team members in Zug, Paris, New York, Berlin, and many other cool places
Join the “Gelato Legendary Member Club” and work directly with the founders
Participate in building the infrastructure that aims to become the glue between all crypto networks and power the most promising dapps on Ethereum and beyond
Chance to participate in shaping the future of web3 by working together with the biggest projects in this space, such as MakerDAO, Connext, Quickswap, etc.
Worldclass Investors - We are backed by top class VCs and Angels including Dragonfly, Galaxy Digital, ParaFi, Gnosis, Stani Kulechov and many more
Requirements
Technical selling experience, preferably in B2B infrastructure solutions.
Ability to explain complex technical problems in simple and innovative ways
Well-organized with strong time management skills and proactive personality
Experience using CRMs like Hubspot, Pipedrive, etc
Track record of overachieving your goals
Comfortable in fast-paced environments
Strong interest in DeFi, Gaming, and NFTs
Bonus: Experience in web3
Benefits
Work very autonomously
Unlimited holiday (yes you heard that right!)
Work together with one of the best technical teams on Ethereum
Build relationships with top blockchain teams which are already Gelato users, including MakerDAO, Zed Run, Connext, Optimism and many more
Chance to travel the world to go to exciting events and connect with key players in this industry
Join amazing in-person offsites all over the world
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/gelato-network-business-development-intern/
--------------------------
Title: Research Engineer
Description: About the Role
As a Research Engineer at Flashbots, you will have the opportunity to contribute to the development of cutting-edge products that shape the future of MEV technology. We are looking for a highly skilled and motivated individual who can collaborate effectively with internal and external researchers and bring innovative research ideas to production.
Responsibilities
In addition to the outline above, as the Research Engineer you will:
Study, invent, and build cutting-edge prototypes or products
Identify and tackle short- and long-term research challenges that are critical to SUAVE’s success, such as designing solutions with cryptography or cryptoeconomic commitments
Collaborate alongside engineering and product teams to translate research ideas into production-ready solutions
Work closely with internal and external researchers, fostering collaboration and leveraging their expertise to solve complex problems in the MEV space
Create design documents, whitepapers, and presentations to communicate ideas and solutions effectively to internal and external collaborators
Stay up-to-date with the latest advancements in blockchain technology, ensuring that our solutions remain at the forefront of the industry
Qualifications
A minimum of 5 years of experience in blockchain and software architectural design and implementation
Experience shipping production-grade software development using Go or Rust
Strong command of blockchain infrastructure, architectural designs, and solutions
Experience with applied cryptography, distributed systems, and smart contract development
Strong communication and collaboration abilities in a remote environment
Exceptional problem-solving and critical thinking skills
Nice to Have
An established publication record in applied cryptography, security, cryptoeconomics, MEV, blockchain, distributed system, or related domains
Prior experience working with open-source projects and engaging with the community
Expertise with MEV-related concepts and developments
About Flashbots
Flashbots started in 2020 as a research and development organization formed to mitigate the negative externalities and existential risks posed by Maximal Extractable Value (MEV) to smart-contract blockchains, starting with Ethereum. We build products to maximally decentralize public blockchains, redistribute MEV, and empower users. We work closely with our community to ensure that our products have a positive impact, are secure, and can be used in production at scale.
Our Impact
Since the launch of Flashbots, we have had an immense impact on the world of cryptocurrency. The Flashbots Auction was launched in alpha in January 2021 and was quickly adopted by almost all Ethereum miners. Prior to Ethereum’s Merge in 2022, Flashbots launched MEV-Boost, a temporary solution for out-of-protocol proposer-builder separation. MEV-Boost has since been adopted by over 90% of Ethereum validators and has significantly influenced the Ethereum PoS ecosystem. Now, Flashbots continues its journey with the introduction of novel privacy primitives and SUAVE.
Our Research
Flashbots Research is an independent arm of the organization that aims to become the hub of MEV research. In addition to conducting in-house analysis, Flashbots Research collaborates with external researchers at other institutions via an external grants program. Flashbots Research continues to publish seminal research on MEV, covering a wide range of topics including cross-chain MEV, EIP1559 and MEV, how ETH2 affects MEV, SGX and privacy, and more. For a full list of publications, visit writings.flashbots.net.
Why Flashbots?
Competitive salary
Significantly above market rate equity compensation package
Unlimited PTO with a high level of freedom and autonomy for your work
Yearly budget for your individual learning and development goals
Work alongside the brightest minds in the crypto space
Help build the future of blockchain technology
Attractive health cover package for US employees
Remote working - travel and work from anywhere in the world
Paid travel - team on-sites in different parts of the world, several times a year
At Flashbots, we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We welcome applications from all qualified candidates regardless of their gender, race, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, age, or disability status.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/flashbots-research-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Front End Developer - Tokenize.it
Description: We build web3 products. Our roots go back to the birth of Ethereum, hardened by the experience of TheDAO, slock.it, aleth.io, atpar.io, and many more projects. Strongly driven by Ethereum’s values such as openness, interoperability, censorship resistance, and decentralization. We are a venture studio buidling for the self- sovereign individual. Upgrading the web!
Location:
We are a dynamic and diverse team that operates entirely remotely. While we welcome talent from around the globe, we are particularly interested in candidates who are based in Europe or in a remote location within a +/- 4-hour time zone of CEST.
Position:
Full-time
About the role:
We are currently expanding our core team of developers and while we already have a strong team in place, we are always on the lookout for talented individuals who have what it takes to be a 10x engineer. If you are passionate about creating cutting-edge technology and want to make a significant impact, we invite you to apply and showcase your abilities.
As a Front End Developer with our company, you will have a unique opportunity to work directly with the founders and help shape the future of the decentralized web. Your primary responsibility will be to develop and maintain the user interface of our web3 applications, ensuring that they are visually appealing, intuitive, and user-friendly.
To be successful in this role, you should have a strong proficiency in development frameworks such as Next.js, React and TypeScript. Additionally, knowledge of blockchain technology and web3 frameworks is highly desirable.
We believe in giving our team members autonomy and responsibility right from the start. You will have the chance to work on new and exciting projects frequently, which requires a degree of flexibility. We are a 100% remote company and use only the latest state-of-the-art tools. Join our team and make a difference in the world of web3 applications! Apply now and show us how your front-end development skills can help us create cutting-edge solutions.
You will:
Build high-performance front-ends using React and GraphQL APIs, integrating with various wallets and smart contracts.
Collaborate with technical project managers and software development teams, conducting technical due diligence, and understanding trade-offs between different development technologies and approaches.
Design and develop web3 interfaces for a range of use cases, from prominent websites to data-rich interactive dashboards and documentation sites for end-users.
Create open-source blockchain web components and frameworks for other developers to integrate, while maintaining high code quality and consistency.
Integrate web3 technologies such as RainbowKit, ethers.js and MetaMask, to enable users to interact with decentralized applications.
Participate in code reviews to ensure high code quality, while staying up to date with the latest front-end development trends and technologies in the blockchain space.
Collaborate with the product team to understand user requirements and design solutions that meet their needs.
Troubleshoot and resolve front-end issues to ensure a seamless user experience.
Who you are:
A solid foundation in Software engineering with at least 3 years of experience.
Have a minimum of 1 year experience in web3 development and a keen interest in exploring new decentralized technologies.
Deep understanding and proficiency in Next.js, React and TypeScript
Experience in developing responsive and mobile-friendly web applications using modern UI component libraries such as Chakra
Good understanding of Prisma for working with databases such as PostgreSQL
Ability to write clean and maintainable code with appropriate comments and documentation
Familiarity with Git, code-reviews and pull-requests
Experience with Agile software development methodologies and tools such as Linear, Jira or Trello
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
Ability to work independently and within a team environment while working from home
Willingness to learn new technologies and programming languages as needed
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks simultaneously
Attention to detail and accuracy
Strong organizational and time management skills
Adaptability and flexibility in a fast-paced environment
Ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders
It’s a plus if you have the following:
Strong understanding of Ethereum wallets and transaction processing
Experience with web3 libraries such as ethers.js or web3.js for interacting with the Ethereum blockchain
Experience in configuring AWS infrastructure using Terraform
What we can offer you:
Work in a dynamic team with flat organizational structure / fast decision-making paths
Experience a high level of autonomy, independency, and ownership
Experience exponential growth and entrepreneurial insights
Enjoy the perks of a home workstation and equipment budget
Benefit from an unlimited vacation policy (yes you heard that right!)
Earn a competitive salary
Make a significant impact in an inspiring startup environment where your work truly makes a difference
Join regular offsites to connect with the rest of the team
Culture:
At corpus, we foster a culture that values big thinking, pro-activity, an entrepreneurial mindset, and teamwork. We believe that we can achieve great things and make a real impact by working collaboratively and pushing the boundaries.
Our team is encouraged to take initiative, think outside the box, and bring their unique ideas and perspectives to the table. We are committed to creating an environment that celebrates collaboration, where everyone’s contributions are valued, and success is a team effort. Whether it’s working on a new project or supporting one another, we believe in working together to achieve common goals.
By joining our team, you’ll be part of a dynamic and innovative workplace where you can grow and make a real difference.
How to apply:
We celebrate individuality and creativity and believe that every member of our team brings unique value. We encourage you to apply even if you don’t completely meet all the listed requirements. Your application will be considered on its own merit, and we welcome candidates who challenge our vision of the ideal candidate.
As a startup that values passion, we are excited to hear from you and learn more about how you can contribute to our team.
Apply now via mail at hr@corpus.io. We look forward to hearing from you and getting to know you better.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/corpus-ventures-front-end-developer-tokenize-it/
--------------------------
Title: Portfolio Management Associate
Description: About Outlier Ventures
Outlier Ventures is the largest Web 3 accelerator in the world. Founded in 2014, it works with startups at various stages of their lifecycle from pre-seed / seed (via Base Camp) to later stage about to launch (or live) token networks specialising in a New Data Economy, NFTs, and DeFi bringing together a network of 1,000’s of the world’s leading web 3 founders, protocols, VCs to mentor, and invest.
About the role
Outlier Ventures is seeking a Portfolio Management Associate with the goal of supporting the entrepreneurs we work with and increasing the value of OV’s growing investment portfolio of companies. We expect this individual to engage with the entrepreneurs we work with and to participate in the portfolio management workstreams. The role entails research, data gathering, data analysis and stakeholder engagement. The individual will work closing with our finance and treasury teams.
In this role you will be gathering information from the different teams at OV and directly from our portfolio companies.
Your Key Responsibilities:
Data gathering from the portfolio companies and the wider team at OV. The ideal candidate should be determined, systematic, and diligent in their work process.
Maintaining our database of over 220+ portfolio companies. 
Documenting portfolio and asset transactions.
Working with our Ecosystem Associate to maintain strong lines of communications with founders.
Assisting the CFO with the regular preparation of the asset valuation report.
Assist with the creation and improvement of portfolio management processes.
Preparing our quarterly portfolio review.
Presenting the portfolio review to senior management.
Work with the wider team at OV to meet the needs of our board and other stakeholders.
This is a great way to see everything that happens in the Web3 industry at an early stage where we work closely with founder teams through our accelerator program. This position is well suited to those looking to begin or continue their career in Web3. You’ll get exposure to a broad range of our team as well as seeing under the hood of investing in the best Web3 early stage startups.
We are looking for someone who:
Enjoys a multi-faceted role which requires both analytical and strategic thinking.
Has strong interpersonal and communication skills.
3+ years’ experience in finance, with a preference for an asset management or venture capital firm.
Agile and self-taught with respect to dataset, CRMs and data gather.
Positive and progressive mindset, entrepreneurial and ambitious personality.
Down to earth, team player and “can do” personality traits.
Package
Package is subject to relevant experience. It will bias towards performance related bonuses, including the opportunity to invest directly into token projects on the same terms as the Outlier Ventures partnership.
What we can offer you*
Exposure to some of the most exciting businesses in the web 3.0 and blockchain space.
The ability to work with a broad variety of stakeholders around the world.
Full autonomy in your role and the opportunity to explore any areas of interest should it meet the vision of the business.
Private medical insurance.
Discretionary bonus scheme.
25 days holiday per year (plus bank holidays)
Cycle to work scheme
Opportunity to invest directly in projects
*availability subject to specific circumstances
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/outlier-ventures-portfolio-management-associate/
--------------------------
Title: Software Engineer, Full Stack
Description: Evmos is on a mission to develop and ship the foundational tools necessary for building the cross-chain applications of the future, freeing developers from the confines of today’s siloed blockchains. Our teams are building for a world where the next million Web3 users are simply non-crypto native people. Read our latest manifesto here.
Evmos opens a new frontier for blockchain applications, expanding the functionality of the EVM by enabling cross-chain applications that tap the liquidity and user bases of multiple blockchain ecosystems to provide more unified experiences.
This is an opportunity to join Evmos at a pivotal time on our growth journey. Having just raised $27m in funding from investors including Polychain Capital, Coinbase Ventures and Circle Ventures, Evmos is now poised to accelerate toward our goal of becoming the playground for Ethereum Apps in the Cosmos ecosystem.
About the Role
As a Full Stack Software Engineer, reporting to our Full Stack Engineering Manager you will be working closely with our co-founders and wider Engineering team to develop user-facing products for Evmos including our dashboard, applications interacting with the Evmos blockchain and the Evmos dApp Store. 
This role would be perfect for someone who has hands-on experience as a Full Stack Engineer in a consumer-facing technology company looking to transition into a Web 3.0 startup to continue their personal growth.
Working with us, you’ll develop an in-depth knowledge of blockchain technologies. It will give you the opportunity to collaborate directly with other engineering teams and projects in the ecosystem like the IBC, Cosmos, and CometBFT teams. 
Responsibilities:
Develop user-facing products for Evmos - applications interacting with the Evmos blockchain and the upcoming Evmos dApp Store. 
Work closely with the Engineering and Product teams to create and develop components to make our products stand out by designing, building, and maintaining user-facing experiences.
Minimize tech debt while strategically pushing for progress.
Help scale the team and create our engineering culture.
Collaborate directly with the Design and Product team in all elements of product life cycles: research, design, development, testing, Q/A, and deployment.
Work cross-functionally with Product, coordinate with Marketing and BD on products shipped.
Requirements:
Experience with Single page application (SPA) frameworks (React / Vue), Next.js, Tailwind, Testing (Jest, Mocha, Chai).
Experience with Typescript, Javascript, node, npm/yarn, HTML & CSS.
Develop and consume APIs.
Experience with CI/CD, GitHub Actions, Sentry or similar.
Product mindset, addressing end user needs, through web applications. 
Familiarity with database technologies (SQL).
Previous experience using GitHub or GitLab.
Background in building consumer apps such as Social, Fintech, Marketplaces, etc. with hands on engineering experience. 
Crypto experience is not required but it is a nice-to-have.
Motivated to learn, be scrappy and willingness to wear multiple hats.
Interest in improving the UX of cryptocurrencies, key management and blockchain interoperability.
Based in Berlin.
Benefits
Below is a list of company benefits available to Evmos employees. We are constantly updating them as part of the regular feedback cycle from the team. Please reach out to us if you have a special requirement when applying to a position and we will happily take it into consideration.
Competitive salary, plus token package (see each position or ask us for more info)
Fitness and mental health/mindfulness stipends
All necessary equipment, tech, and office setup
Global co-work membership (for remote employees)
Health Care coverage
Quarterly team off-sites and retreats
Full reimbursement for ecosystem conferences (travel, accommodation, and tickets)
Continuous learning stipends / Educational budget
Transportation stipends, eg: Bike, public transportation, Uber/cab (in case of work-related or after-hour traveling)
Unlimited vacation policy for full-time employees
PTO and situation-specific support
Maternity and paternity leave
At Evmos, we are committed to creating an inclusive and diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, disability, age, or any other legally protected status.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/evmos-software-engineer-full-stack/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Core Engineering Manager
Description: Evmos is on a mission to develop and ship the foundational tools necessary for building the cross-chain applications of the future, freeing developers from the confines of today’s siloed blockchains. Our teams are building for a world where the next million Web3 users are simply non-crypto native people. Read our latest manifesto here.
Evmos opens a new frontier for blockchain applications, expanding the functionality of the EVM by enabling cross-chain applications that tap the liquidity and user bases of multiple blockchain ecosystems to provide more unified experiences.
This is an opportunity to join Evmos at a pivotal time on our growth journey. Having just raised $27m in funding from investors including Polychain Capital, Coinbase Ventures and Circle Ventures, Evmos is now poised to accelerate toward our goal of becoming the playground for Ethereum Apps in the Cosmos ecosystem.
About the role
As a Senior Core Engineering Manager, reporting to Co-founder, Federico, you will be responsible for part of our Core Engineering team. You will have 3 reports whom you will be responsible for leading, mentoring and working with to drive the execution of our engineering goals. This is a hands-on, player-coach engineering leadership role. Strong knowledge of the Ethereum and Cosmos ecosystems is key and if you are not based in Berlin you must be willing to spend significant time there with the team.   
This role would be perfect for someone who has hands-on experience as a Core engineering manager at a crypto project or is looking to step up into a management role. It is an opportunity to work with and learn from some of the most talented developers in Blockchain who have been building in the space since 2016 working on Tendermint, Ethermin, Sommelier, Ethereum and other Tier 1 projects in the crypto ecosystem. 
Responsibilities
Lead and manage the engineering team to deliver high-quality, scalable, and maintainable code that supports Evmos’ goals and objectives. 
Collaborate with product, design, and other cross-functional teams to develop and execute on product strategies.
Build and manage the engineering team, including hiring, mentoring, coaching, and fostering a culture of innovation and continuous improvement.
Provide technical leadership and expertise to guide the development of the Evmos ecosystem.
Ensure that the engineering team adheres to best practices, processes, and standards for software development, testing, and deployment.
Ensure the production of high-quality code in line with the principles of modularity and testability.
Ensure the creation of the documentation required for knowledge sharing and optimal onboarding of new team members.
Manage the entire engineering process from development to testing, deployment, and maintenance.
Requirements
Ability to write production-quality code in Go with efficient deployment, execution and maintenance.
Experience writing API clients in gRPC, JSON-RPC, or REST.
Use different technologies like Protobuf encoding.
Ability to write clean and effective documentation and comments so that you can communicate the changes you implemented to the rest of the team, open source contributors and auditors.
Understanding of blockchain technology, distributed systems, or cryptography.
Experience working with Docker, and/or Kubernetes.
Experience working with any public cloud service (eg. AWS or GCP).
Familiarity with code generation tools, CI/CD practices, and infrastructure as code.
You want to help us build community in the cities where we operate.
Benefits
Below is a list of company benefits available to Evmos employees. We are constantly updating them as part of the regular feedback cycle from the team. Please reach out to us if you have a special requirement when applying to a position and we will happily take it into consideration.
Competitive salary, plus token package.
Fitness and mental health/mindfulness stipends.
All necessary equipment, tech, and office setup.
Global co-work membership (for remote employees).
Health Care coverage.
Transportation stipends, eg: Bike, public transportation, Uber / cab (in case of work-related or after-hour traveling).
Unlimited vacation policy for full-time employees.
PTO and situation-specific support.
Maternity and paternity leave.
Visa sponsorship for US or Germany - Subject to review by local authorities.
At Evmos, we are committed to creating an inclusive and diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, disability, age or any other legally protected status.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/evmos-senior-core-engineering-manager/
--------------------------
Title: DevOps Engineer
Description: Description
As our DevOps Engineer", “you will be helping us build and maintain blockchain networks and protocols. You will work on improving our current infrastructure including security, automation, and monitoring among other things. You will also have the chance to dive deep into new blockchain protocols, run testnets, build secure and scalable infra and maintain it.
What will you do?
Build secure and reliable infrastructure to monitor, detect and mitigate performance and security issues
System administration activities for Linux servers, which includes routine, proactive daily management of the health, stability, and availability of system infrastructure
Create and maintain system procedural and technical documentation
Stay up to date and build on peer-to-peer networking security best practices
Create, maintain and communicate threat models + risk assessments for all systems we operate
What excites us about you?
You have experience as DevOps/SRE/Infrastructure engineer
You have experience managing server infrastructures with high availability requirements
You had designed secure networks, systems, and application architectures
You had set up and maintained software in both data centers and cloud environments
You have a deep understanding of sockets, full networking stack, and Linux security
You possess the knowledge of building automation and CI/CD processes and tools
You are experienced with Docker, Kubernetes, and other cloud deployment technologies
You have flexibility, teamwork, and you are comfortable with ambiguity, able to take charge and get things done despite the unknowns
What will be great to have?
You have an understanding of the blockchain space and blockchain technology
You possess knowledge of cryptography and security best practices
You have contributions to open source communities
If those describe you, this is the right opportunity for you!
Why are we awesome you ask?
We are a truly global team! We are digital nomads coming from more than 12 different countries, working from wherever we want. We have a collective mission, to provide meaningful services and bring a unique value to users within the crypto space.
We are looking for fun, curious, and committed individuals to swim with us!
Requirements
A BSc/BA degree in Computer Science or a relevant field
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/stakefish-devops-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Web3 Full Stack Developer
Description: About UNXD
UNXD is writing luxury’s next chapter. Created by Nervora, the team behind prominent international editions of both Vogue and WIRED, UNXD partners with the world’s leading luxury brands and brings them into web3 and the metaverse through crypto-native products and experiences. Each brand forms a part of an expanding ecosystem for luxury digital assets. UNXD’s roster of partner brands include Dolce&Gabbana, Jacob & Co., and a slate of others to be announced. UNXD’s pioneering collections have generated nearly 10,000 ETH and are widely regarded as a catalyst of the fashion NFT movement.
Nervora’s mission is to build the most iconic, authoritative, and premium brands across the physical and digital world. We are creators and curators of culture, and our purpose is to inspire, influence, empower and entertain the world. Founded in 2009, Nervora is headquartered in Dubai.
About the Role
We are looking for an exceptional developer with proficiency in MVC applications development to build backend APIs, CMS, and services that power UNXD interacting with smart contracts, as well as front-end web3 interfaces that interact with backend code. This role reports to the Head of Technology.
Key Responsibilities
Develop backend APIs, CMS, and services that power UNXD interacting with smart contracts for all the projects and activities.
Deploy alterations and updates to GitHub and Azure DevOps service.
Build front-end web3 interfaces that interact with your backend code.
Conceptualize ideas and scope the development of each project and activity and rollout implementation. Managing the project plan and timeline of each workstream is essential.
Review and manage the work of other partnering developers to ensure applications and features are accurately implemented.
Track the status of each project/activity to provide a weekly update to the UNXD team and management.
Work closely with the UNXD Studio team to execute projects directly and/or its roster of brands.
Audit and troubleshoot any problems pre-, during, and post-launch of projects/activities.
Basic Qualifications
6+ years of development experience with a proven track record of designing, scoping and developing applications.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or equivalent work experience.
At least 5 years of experience in Application Development using Angular and front-end technologies such as HTML, CSS, and typescript.
At least 3 years of experience in development using Node.js, Azure DevOps and app services, and MongoDB.
1+ years of working with blockchain, smart contracts, solidity, and web3 apps.
Expert in developing Single Page Applications (SPA) using angular and node.
Expert-level knowledge of MongoDB and SQL with the ability to write queries & stored procedures.
Solid experience in designing and developing complex prototypes and proofs of concepts (POCs).
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Candidate’s Profile
You have a strong desire to work in a startup/entrepreneurial environment and play an integral role in the leading web 3 luxury platform.
You are exceptional at project management and can juggle several project milestones under pressure.
You possess strong leadership skills with a team player mindset and inspire people by leading by example.
You are creative and enjoy working with ambiguity and complexity.
You are a strategic thinker that’s able to ideate, conceptualize, and implement.
You have a positive approach to managing workload and deadlines in a fast-paced environment.
You are open-minded and willing to learn, experiment, and progress.
You are passionate about technology, luxury, culture, and blockchain/web3.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/unxd-web3-full-stack-developer/
--------------------------
Title: Sr. DevOps Engineer
Description: We believe that blockchains need real world data to be useful- and UMA enables any verifiable truth to be recorded on-chain, trustlessly.
Who is UMA?
We are a team aligned with the ethos of the crypto community. We believe that because UMA’s optimistic oracle is the decentralized truth machine which can verify any statement proposed on the blockchain- we have the ability to truly expand what web3 is building. We are building a robust ecosystem. Our growing team is relatively small but incredibly mighty, and strives to be an engaging leader in the DeFi community.
Where are we headed:
We’re building foundational infrastructure for web3 and developing high quality products to showcase this.
Our road-map is robust, and with an iterative and continuous development philosophy, we’re always building.
We’re a global team that values diverse perspectives and top tier talent. We’re growing internationally with the support of top tier investors and advisors.
Where do you fit in?
We’re looking for a Sr. DevOps Engineer to join our team. You’ll have an opportunity to work across our entire Ethereum-based web3 stack on cutting-edge technology that reshapes the global financial system. If you’re a servant leader who values the ability to help other people excel, this is a role for you. You’ll be a heavily relied on individual by the engineering team, and the organization at large.
Responsibilities
Managing a growing cloud infrastructure stack on GCP
Designing and managing permissioning systems across our cloud infrastructure and other relevant systems
Improving and building out CD pipelines
Managing and securing DNS
Owning alerting systems and processes (currently based on Pagerduty)
Manually managing much of the above responsibilities and automating them over time to allow the organization to continuously expand the scope of these activities
Skill and Qualifications
4+ years as a sysadmin, systems engineer, site reliability engineer, reliability engineer, or related role in a professional setting
Experience with Cloud infrastructure, preferably GCP
Experience with secret management
Experience with scripting languages like Bash or Python
Experience using, configuring, and managing custom and open source software
Passion for automation
Compensation:
UMA’s pay packages include competitive salaries & substantial token options. Salaries range from $100-200K and your token allocation can grow with your voting rewards while you participate in the growing ecosystem.
Philosophies for a culture that shows we care: Take vacation when you need it, family care, training and development (just to name a few)
100% remote, which means we encourage you to create the work environment that you thrive in.
Our values:
We value each individual’s right to economic freedom
We value openness, honesty, and directness.
We value integrity.
We value iterative learning.
We value taking smart risks. We value creating an environment where everyone “does their best work”.
Still want to know more?
Our team at UMA blends a mix of highly-sought engineers, developers and community builders with a traditional finance pedigree. Our fast-growing team includes a diverse background of experiences and has drawn top tier talent. We’re a decentralized protocol governed by community members across the globe in a DAO, and supported by Risk Labs Foundation. 
We value economic freedom, integrity, and taking smart risks. You’ll succeed at UMA if you’re a self-starter, kind, adaptable, and have a nerdy curiosity to solve hard problems (and change the world).  
UMA is a remote-first international team and we support everyone to create an environment where they can do their best work. UMA teammates take the time off that they need and support each other to create an environment where they are happy, healthy, and inspired. We pride ourselves on being family-friendly as well as nomad-friendly.
You will not get bored at UMA. The OO empowers unlimited ideas, products, services and protocols. We are constantly developing, building, experimenting and evolving.
Studies have shown that women and people of colour are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. Risk Labs, the employing entity, is an equal opportunity employer and is dedicated to diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplaces. So, if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t perfectly align- we encourage you to apply anyways. We value you taking the chance. Risk labs will not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/uma-sr-devops-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Smart Contract Engineer
Description: Across’ purpose is to fulfill crypto’s potential by making blockchains more usable, more accessible and more efficient.
Who is Across?
We are a team, aligned with the ethos of the crypto community, and as such believe that blockchains need to be maximally efficient and accessible for all users. Our vision is to make this happen by being the fastest and most capital-efficient EVM-centric bridge without compromising security or decentralization. Our growing team is relatively small but incredibly mighty, and strives to be continuing leading and differentiating through innovation.  
Where are we headed?
We focus on building- and will continue to build foundational technology that web3 needs
Our road-map is robust, and with an iterative and continuous development philosophy, we’re always building. 
We’re a global team that values diverse perspectives and top tier talent. We’re growing internationally with the support of top tier investors and advisors.
Where do you fit in?
We’re looking for a Senior Smart Contract Engineer to join our team. You’ll have an opportunity to work across our entire Ethereum-based web3 stack on cutting-edge technology that reshapes the global financial system.
Our tech stack: Solidity, ethers, Typescript, hardhat, Foundry, Javascript, Node.js, web3, React
Responsibilities
Protocol Architecture: Research and develop protocol upgrades and new financial concepts.
Smart Contracts: Implement designs with a focus on security, simplicity, ease of use, and gas-efficiency.
Code Review and Mentorship: Write code in a highly collaborative open source ecosystem. In-depth reviews of others’ contributions is expected with a focus on helping others grow their technical expertise.
Bots: Write off-chain code to interact with and manage smart contracts. Bot systems should have a high degree of correctness, efficiency, and antifragility.
Skills and Qualifications
2+ years full-time experience in Engineering at a software or financial services technology organization
1+ years full-time experience working in solidity or other compiled language
Demonstrated ability to learn new tech and write secure and high quality code
Passion for blockchain technology, cryptoeconomic protocol design, game theory, or decentralized finance
Compensation
UMA’s pay packages include competitive salaries & substantial token options. Salaries are typically between $100-200k (USD), and your token allocation can grow with your voting rewards while you participate in the growing ecosystem.
Philosophies for a culture that show we care: Take vacation when you need it, family care, training and development (just to name a few)
100% remote, which means we encourage you to create the work environment that you thrive in.
Our values:
We value each individual’s right to economic freedom
We value openness, honesty, and directness. 
We value integrity.
We value iterative learning.
We value taking smart risks. We value creating an environment where everyone “does their best work”. 
Still want to know more?
The core Across team blends a mix of highly-sought engineers, developers and community builders with a traditional finance pedigree. Our fast-growing team includes a diverse background of experiences and has drawn top tier talent. The team is part of Risk Labs Foundation (also building UMA protocol) and we’re focused on building decentralized protocols governed by community members. 
We value economic freedom, integrity, and taking smart risks. You’ll succeed here if you’re a self-starter, kind, adaptable, and have a nerdy curiosity to solve hard problems.
Across is a remote-first international team and we support everyone to create an environment where they can do their best work. Across teammates take the time off that they need and support each other to create an environment where they are happy, healthy, and inspired. We pride ourselves on being family-friendly as well as nomad-friendly.
You will not get bored at Across. Our culture is one of growth mindsets, and we’ve built a bridge with flexible and unique architecture- the possibilities are endless and we’ll continue to build, experiment, and evolve.
Studies have shown that women and people of colour are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. Risk Labs, the employing entity, is an equal opportunity employer and is dedicated to diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplaces. So, if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t perfectly align- we encourage you to apply anyways. We value you taking the chance. Risk labs will not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/across-smart-contract-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Marketing Manager
Description: We believe that blockchains need real world data to be useful* and UMA enables any verifiable truth to be recorded on-chain, trustlessly.
Who is UMA?
We are a team aligned with the ethos of the crypto community. We believe that because UMA’s optimistic oracle is the decentralized truth machine which can verify any statement proposed on the blockchain - we have the ability to truly expand what web3 is building. We are building a robust ecosystem. Our growing team is relatively small but incredibly mighty, and strives to be an engaging leader in the DeFi community.
Where are we headed:
We’re building foundational infrastructure for web3 and developing high quality products to showcase this.
Our road-map is robust, and with an iterative and continuous development philosophy, we’re always building.
We’re a global team that values diverse perspectives and top tier talent. We’re growing internationally with the support of top tier investors and advisors.
Where do you fit in?
We’re looking for a Marketing Manager who is seeking an opportunity to strengthen, grow, and shape UMA’s mindshare. This person is passionate about DeFi and the ethos of web3, and uses that passion to motivate and inspire others to be an active part of the ecosystem. Your role will be twofold: to run the communications for the protocol to the wider Web3 space, and to rally and support the community to support you in that same mission. A piece of rallying the community is building out the DAO structure that supports the protocol.
The successful candidate will need to be sharp and pay a lot of attention to detail. You should understand UMA’s infrastructure and be able to speak about it accurately.
Responsibilities
User Communications: Maintain a persona for UMA that instills trust in the oracle. Educate current users and the wider addressable market about new and existing features, and work with engineers to describe complex topics in ways that can appeal to multiple audience segments.
Co-marketing: You’ll support the growth team in cultivating our relationships to other projects by arranging and leading co-marketing campaigns. These campaigns will range from simple Twitter space events, to multi-step incentive programs that require on-chain steps by users.
Grow Across’ audience: Strive for ambitious audience growth and engagement in the space as a whole. Not everyone will join our community, but everyone should know about us.
Collaborate: Work closely with your product team to align on and implement growth strategies, recognizing that our product and its communications are intertwined
Trends: To the degree that it is useful for hitting your mindshare KPIs, stay on top of current trends both in Crypto Twitter as well as in Web3 development as a whole.
Skills and Qualifications
At least 2 years relevant experience: marketing, community management, social media role, DAO leader, etc.
High EQ: promote a community culture of kindness, positivity, and inclusivity
Ability to use your depth of knowledge around DeFi, blockchain, and oracles and translate complex concepts to various audiences
Expert in navigating Discord, Discourse and other forums, and Twitter.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, multiple languages is of course an asset
Compensation:
UMA’s pay packages include competitive salaries & meaningful token options. Salaries for this role range from $50-100k (USD), and your token allocation can grow with your voting rewards while you participate in the growing ecosystem.
Philosophies for a culture that show we care: Take vacation when you need it, family care, training and development (just to name a few)
100% remote, which means we encourage you to create the work environment that you thrive in.
Our values:
We value each individual’s right to economic freedom
We value openness, honesty, and directness.
We value integrity.
We value iterative learning.
We value taking smart risks. We value creating an environment where everyone “does their best work”.
Still want to know more?
Our team at UMA blends a mix of highly-sought engineers, developers and community builders with a traditional finance pedigree. Our fast-growing team includes a diverse background of experiences and has drawn top tier talent. We’re a decentralized protocol governed by community members across the globe in a DAO, and supported by Risk Labs Foundation. 
We value economic freedom, integrity, and taking smart risks. You’ll succeed at UMA if you’re a self-starter, kind, adaptable, and have a nerdy curiosity to solve hard problems (and change the world).  
UMA is a remote-first international team and we support everyone to create an environment where they can do their best work. UMA teammates take the time off that they need and support each other to create an environment where they are happy, healthy, and inspired. We pride ourselves on being family-friendly as well as nomad-friendly.
You will not get bored at UMA. The OO empowers unlimited ideas, products, services and protocols. We are constantly developing, building, experimenting and evolving.
Studies have shown that women and people of colour are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. Risk Labs, the employing entity, is an equal opportunity employer and is dedicated to diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplaces. So, if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t perfectly align- we encourage you to apply anyways. We value you taking the chance. Risk labs will not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/uma-marketing-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Crypto/Blockchain Marketing Copywriter (Remote London/Europe Based)
Description: As Senior Crypto/Blockchain Marketing Copywriter at Freeway, you’ll help define our voice as we position ourselves and products as a disruptive force for good in the world of finance. Your financial experience, expertise in and passion for crypto/blockchain will ensure you’re able to portray Freeway in the most compelling, simple and human ways.
You understand complex financial products and can create copy/content to communicate these products to different audiences. You must have worked with financial products and know how to distil legal and financial information into something that’s user friendly and engaging.
You’ll develop copy/content that defines our brand purpose and differentiates our products across Digital Advertising, Social, Email, TV, Radio, Direct Marketing and CRM. Copy that intrigues, inspires, and engages our audiences, while also driving results.
Like everyone in our small but highly experienced team, you’ll need to be a bit of an ‘all-rounder’ - one day writing for our website, the next a sales presentation and another a radio ad or twitter post.
You must have a strong passion for crypto and be immersed in the on-going narratives and conversations continually taking shape in the space - especially on social media. This is an opportunity to help shape a revolutionary fintech brand that is set to take the industry by storm.
You must be based in the UK (or Europe) as you will need to be working very closely with the London-based marketing leadership team on a daily basis.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Develop and evolve our tone of voice and strategic messaging in collaboration with our in-house team of experienced marketeers and creatives.
Ensure our tone of voice is consistent across all touchpoints.
Manage quality standards, efficient processes and productivity to support the entire company’s copy needs.
Editing and fact-checking content.
Proof-reading.
Marketing copy, both long and short form.
Scripts for radio and film, and copy for social, email, CRM, digital marketing and sales.
Experience: Crypto/Blockchain Copywriting: 2 years (required)
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/freeway-senior-crypto-blockchain-marketing-copywriter-remote-london-europe-based/
--------------------------
Title: Product Owner
Description: Do you want to be at the forefront of cutting-edge technology? Are you looking to work for a company that will push the dapp market to the next level? Bring your strong technical skills and passion for blockchain to a growing startup, disrupting the industry.
Since DappRadar launched in 2018, it has become the largest data-driven dapp distribution platform on the market. Even during the bear market, close to 2 million users per month use DappRadar to discover decentralized applications, or simply dapps.
To help us continue to grow, we’re searching for an experienced mid-level Agile Product Owner to deliver new, innovative products and maintain existing ones with our multidisciplinary development team.
You are just as comfortable speaking with engineers as you are in communicating with end-users or participating in sales calls. DappRadar is looking for an experienced product owner with strong technical, Web3, product marketing, and design knowledge, along with communication skills to define and direct development across our portfolio of products.
Objectives of this Role:
In this role, you will collaborate closely with other members of the Product Team, Engineering, Product Design, Strategic Partnerships, Sales, Customer Support, and other internal and external stakeholders.
Work with the Head of Product, development teams, and VP of Engineering to manage and deliver product requirements.
Assist in building and owning the product backlog.
Interpret technical and business objectives and challenges and articulate solutions.
Analyze product data, proactively optimize, and drive performance.
Responsibilities:
Drive the execution and delivery of product requirements, supporting the POs in product delivery, planning, positioning, roadmap development, requirements development, and product launch.
Collaborate closely with our Design Team to drive product requirements to product vision.
Collaborate with our Sales team to help ensure our tools support new partnership integrations and are optimized for end-user experience.
Understand the needs of our customer base, to devise a strategy to deliver value to our users.
Work with the Engineering teams to identify and recommend products, technologies, and vendors to support the existing product stack and ongoing product development.
Contribute, support, and implement best practices.
Collaborate closely with UX, engineering, production, marketing, and sales teams on the development, QA, and release of products and balance of resources to ensure success for the entire organization.
Develop product positioning and messaging that differentiates DappRadar and its features across primary market segments.
Skills and Qualifications:
3+ years of experience in a tech product role.
Proven experience overseeing all elements of the product development lifecycle.
Experience in Product Design and knowledge of Product Marketing practices.
Highly effective in collaborating and coordinating with other teams and departments.
Hands-on blockchain knowledge and experience.
Strong writing and editing skills combined with exceptional presentation and public speaking skills.
You’ll be in a rewarding company:
Competitive salary!
Receive compelling stock options and RADAR token offerings.
Work with cutting-edge blockchain technology and uncharted territory.
Become visible in the industry by working with DappRadar, joining our Twitter Spaces and more.
An international team of highly skilled and motivated colleagues to help you succeed and push boundaries.
Flexible working hours concept, remote work opportunity, training sessions, and teamwork based on company culture.
“Family first” policy.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/dappradar-product-owner/
--------------------------
Title: Product Manager
Description: Gelato is Web3’s decentralized backend empowering builders to create augmented smart contracts that are automated, gasless & off-chain aware. Leading Web3 projects rely on Gelato to power the execution of millions of transactions across DeFi, NFT and Gaming.
Join our team of around 30 and work directly with the founders to build the future of web3 infrastructure. Enjoy a lot of perks, travel with us to cool events, and participate in amazing off-site retreats with the team!
Watch a short summary.
What we offer:
Small, fully remote team with an office in Zug Switzerland
Build the foundational infrastructure that enables the world to run on smart contracts without having to trust centralized intermediaries
Generous token vestings paid in the network’s native $GEL token
Worldclass Investors - We are backed by the community, including industry leading experts such as DragonFly Capital, ParaFi, IDEO, Galaxy Digital, and many more
Responsibilities:
Own product development from conception to launch
Collaborate cross-functionally with engineering, design and cross-functional teams to develop and steer product roadmap
Define and analyze metrics to guide product development
Align teams on a shared vision, gather feedback from all stakeholders and steer execution on that vision
Talk to Gelato users and prioritize new features based on real feedback
Plan & manage engineering and design sprints to ensure deadlines are met
Conduct research on emerging UX patterns and come up with new ideas to solve our users’ problems
Requirements
5+ years of product management experience
Exceptional interpersonal communication, relationship management and organisational skills
Deep analytical, prioritisation and problem solving skills
Previous experience working in software product management
Demonstrated passion for web3, cryptocurrency, and Gelato’s mission
An entrepreneurial mindset with the ability to succeed in a fast-paced environment
Enthusiasm, an exceptional work ethic, a self-starter attitude
Bonus points if you can demonstrate:
Relevant web3, crypto or DeFi experience
Experience building highly technical B2B developer products
Benefits
Work very autonomously
Generous GEL token package
Competitive Salary
Work together with one of the best technical teams on Ethereum
Build relationships with top teams which are already Gelato users, including MakerDAO, Optimism, Pancakeswap and many more
Chance to travel the world to go to exciting events and connect with key players in this industry
Join amazing in-person offsites all over the world
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/gelato-network-product-manager/
--------------------------
Title: DeFi Account Manager
Description: Who is Scrib3?
SCRIB3 is the leading Web3 technical marketing and communications studio. We work with top companies & protocols in Web3 focusing on brand positioning, content strategy, and media relations and other go-to-market efforts.
We have extensive experience in the Web3 space and leverage our backgrounds as past engineers, program managers & financial analysts to help our clients build the next generation apps, protocols and services.
Role Description
We are looking for experienced Account Managers passionate about the most complex problems in the crypto space. You’ll work closely with our team to manage and execute content-related strategies for our clients. You’ll interact with the team and external clients daily to dictate strategy, execute content deliverables, and manage various marketing processes.
The ideal candidate is a proficient program manager well versed in DeFi & technical Web3 topics. SCRIB3 is a startup, and things move quickly here, so we’re looking for someone who can hit the ground running and bring ideas to the table on day one.
Responsibilities
Manage the day-to-day handling of SCRIB3’s clients, ensuring that content is being finalized properly and on time.
Help plan out the vision for the content together with other teammates.
Work closely with writers on the team to ensure that written content is aligned with the client’s vision and shipped accordingly.
Being the face of SCRIB3 to our customer base. You’ll be ensuring the client is happy and looking for growth opportunities when available.
Be highly responsive to clients and teammates, facilitating smooth teamwork & delivery.
Requirements
Deep knowledge of the Web3 space, including proficiency in Layer 1s, DeFi & NFTs.
Exceptional program management skills with a track record of executing successful deliverables for a variety of audiences. Past experience in content strategy, in addition to execution is a plus.
Self-Starter personality. We’re a startup, and things move fast and sometimes without clear direction. We want to give you the freedom to craft your own success and show initiative.
Extra:
Impeccable Twitter Game (Bonus points if you can make great memes…)
Past experience working with DeFi protocols or at an agency
Benefits/Company Perks
Join a fast-moving startup with unlimited opportunities to grow
Remote 24/7
Flexible work hours
Competitive salary with equity
Next Steps
Send your resume, work samples, and your response to the 3 questions below to  info@scrib3.co.
Why are you interested in working in Web3?
What would your previous employer say your best trait is? What about your worst trait?
Give us 2-3 projects in the space that you are very bullish on and tell us why!
We’ll get back to you within 1-3 days and set up an introductory call.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/scrib3-defi-account-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Protocol Designer
Description: 🏄‍♂️ About the Team
The Protocol Designer role sits within our Safe{Core} team that currently includes 12 members distributed across Europe. The Safe{Core} team looks after: Protocol, API and SDK products which make up the Safe ecosystem.
👨‍💻 About the Role:
As a Protocol Designer you will be responsible for the delivery and execution of a process which will facilitate the design, analysis, and implementation of Safe’s token model. You will work with the protocol team, Safe’s founders, investors, external agencies and other key stakeholders to ensure the token implementation maximises impact while minimising risk.
🗂 What you’ll be doing:
Collaborating with the founders of Safe to shape a token model for the project
Research and analysis of different (existing and future) token models and incentivisation mechanisms, comparing their pros, cons, and trade offs
Implementing new token models for the Safe project in collaboration with development teams of Safe{Core} and Safe{Wallet}
Interacting with the SafeDAO and Safe Ecosystem Foundation to integrate and evolve the tokenomics for the Safe project
Coordinating project partners
🎒 What you’ll bring:
Expert knowledge of different token types
security vs utility
limited vs unlimited supply
fungible vs non fungible
Strong knowledge of different token models
mining, staking
yields, burning
vesting and allocations
Strong analytical and web3 experience
Analysis of the Ethereum state using SQL queries with Dune
Query data from the Blockchain using RPC endpoints
Understanding of existing token model implementations by different projects
Good understanding of decentralized governance and DAO’s
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/safe-protocol-designer/
--------------------------
Title: UX/UI Designer
Description: About Us
At Ryder, we believe Web3 is a cornerstone of a world where economic freedom is a fundamental right, giving people full control over their digital assets and identities, paving the way for a more prosperous and equitable global society.
Our mission is to make web3 accessible and secure by developing the world’s best hardware and software products that seamlessly remove web3’s complexity, allowing the next billion users to join this new era of the internet.
About The Role
We are seeking a talented and experienced UX/UI Designer to join our growing team. You will be responsible for creating intuitive, functional, and visually appealing designs that enhance the user experience across our mobile apps, hardware wallet’s firmware and product packaging.
You will collaborate with cross-functional teams of engineers and product managers to gather requirements and translate them into design solutions that meet our users’ needs.
This is the opportunity for you to see the real impact of your work in the hands (literally) of potentially millions of users.
Responsibilities
As a UX/UI Designer, you will be responsible for:
Conducting user research and gathering insights to inform design decisions for our mobile app and firmware
Creating wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity mockups that effectively communicate design concepts
Conducting usability testing to validate design decisions
Maintaining and evolving mobile app design systems and style guides
Continuously iterating on mobile app and firmware designs based on user feedback and analytics
Collaborating with our product manager and manufacturing partners to design our hardware wallet’s packaging experience
Creating design artworks for our hardware wallet packaging and manuals
Qualifications
To be considered for this role, you should have:
A Bachelor’s degree in Graphic Design, Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), or related field
A minimum of 3 years of experience in mobile app UX/UI design
A strong portfolio showcasing mobile app design skills and problem-solving abilities
Proficiency in mobile app design and prototyping tools such as Sketch, Figma, Adobe Creative Suite, etc.
Understanding of mobile app user-centered design principles and methodologies
Experience conducting mobile app user research and usability testing
Excellent communication and collaboration skills
Ability to work independently and prioritize tasks in a fast-paced environment
We’d also like to see
Knowledge of web3
Experience in UX designs for consumer electronics
Why Work With Us
At Ryder, we are committed to creating a culture of excellence where our team members can thrive. We offer a competitive salary, flexible work hours, and opportunities for career growth. Our team is made up of passionate and driven individuals who are committed to making a difference in this new internet era.
If you are passionate about technology and designs that solve complex problems, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity.
To apply, send your CV to julien@ryder.id
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/ryder-ux-ui-designer/
--------------------------
Title: Product Marketing Manager
Description: 💻 About the role:
This role will define the product marketing function within the Safe team and be the subject matter expert on use cases across a wide range of stakeholder groups. This is a unique position that will work with marketing, leadership, product, and engineering with the ultimate goal of driving adoption and engagement for Safe.
Location: 🇩🇪 Berlin, Germany or 🇵🇹 Lisbon, Portugal
Our Tech Stack: Notion, G-Suite, Dune, BI tools, Intercom, YouTube
🗃️ What you will be doing:
Work hand-in-hand with Product and Engineering to inform product development and marketing strategy, based on actionable, data-driven insights
Engage our community by talking regularly to our customers and advocating for our user base in product development
Create holistic product positioning and messaging, informed by user research and product expertise
Own and drive all aspects of product launches, including press releases, product landing pages, social media and co-marketing with our partners
Expand market awareness and adoption of existing products
Be data-driven and proactively analyze market, product and competitive trends to inform our strategy
🎒 What you will bring:
2+ years of experience in product marketing at a technology company, or general marketing experience with a web3 project with demonstrated success
Comfortable with taking initiative and working proactively
Producing hypotheses and able to answer questions and create plans using data from a variety of sources
Great understanding of the English language
A strong understanding and exposure to the web3 ecosystem with topics such as relevant adoption metrics for web3 products and understands the needs of different stakeholders (users, developers, etc.)
Nice to have but not essential:
An understanding of smart contract accounts and the conversation around security, multiplayer finance
User of multiple web3 products, blockchains and more. Understands the needs being filled by different products and how they connect.
Experience with Dune Analytics
What we can offer you:
Do you need resources to pursue your professional goals? -> We got you covered with a personal education and conference budgets
Is there something that you would like to try out within our projects? -> You can use your Friday afternoons on research or on a side project in our ecosystem
Our hierarchy is flat, so there is no chance to get lost in vertical looking organizational structure.
Not really an early bird? No worries! -> Flexible working schedules and remote work policies are, for a long time, part of our culture
And do not worry about your equipment and subscriptions. We’ll equip you with the latest hardware and provide you with all the tools you need!
But most important - grow with us! We’re growing rapidly, the industry is expanding fast, and we have a lot to do. If you’re someone who loves taking initiative and getting things done, there’s a lot of opportunities for you at Safe. We’re enthusiastic about our shared mission and enjoy spending time together!
Please apply with your (English) resume.
At Safe, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer: all qualified applicants are considered for positions regardless of race, ethnic origin, age, religion or belief, marital status, gender identification, sexual orientation, or physical ability.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/safe-product-marketing-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Principal Senior Developer
Description: We are looking for a self motivated Principal Senior Developer with backend experience to help us with our DeFi integrations! Our goal is to be the best analytics tools for Liquidity Providers in DeFi. This role will play a key part in the integration of data from all major AMMs and chains into our product. This is a full time, permanent role.
About us
For the past 2 years, we have been serving users in Web3 with our innovative analytics aimed at providing clarity to users in DeFi (Decentralised Finance).
What started as a passion project quickly turned into a tool used and loved by tens of thousands of users that interact with blockchain technology. Our first product, APY Vision, has won many grants from trusted brands in the Web3 ecosystem.
We’re inspired by our shared passion for developing creative solutions to complex challenges and empowering the people around us to do their best work. We are industry leaders in the blockchain analytics space propelled by constant curiosity and diverse perspectives.
We are looking ahead, building what’s next, and continuously reinventing the Web3 data analytics industry. Shape a rapidly scaling industry with us!
We’re a fully-remote company, with team members working mostly from Europe and North America.
We are a close-knit family, and we consider all candidates from different backgrounds to embrace diversity.
Wherever you are, as long as you are productive, you can work from anywhere you desire (some members of our team live in RVs full time).
Job and responsibilities
Developing the back-end components of our application, from simple end-points to complex blockchain-reading queries
Write and manage subgraphs to expand our AMM support
Build supporting API’s to handle the vast mount of liquidity pools data
Building reusable code and libraries for future use and maintaining a well-tested codebase, optimized for speed and scalability
Develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve, you own the full life-cycle of your code – you write it, you own it
Oversee the research, development, and design of subsystems of our protocol and take ownership of the architecture of these systems.
Share your knowledge and help the team evolve best practices
Qualifications and skills
Demonstrate a strong knowledge and understanding of TypeScript / ES6
Experience with NestJS and other backend NodeJS ORMs
Working with front end developers to come up with the final product based on the data integration
Sense of ownership, autonomous and self motivated, able to navigate challenges on your own
Must be able to work independently and in a remote setting (and have a track record of this experience)
English language proficiency, both in writing and speaking
Team player mindset with positive energy
Additional skills that would be great to have:
Knowledge of AMMs and the underlying data structures around decentralized exchanges (swaps, mints, burns, etc)
Have an understanding of blockchains and the data structures and the concept of EVM-based storage and querying
Have an understanding and experience with reading transactions and working with ABIs
Experience with writing and reading subgraphs
Familiarity with various AWS tools such as EC2, SQS, SNS, Lambda, RDS
Proficiency in relational and non-relational databases especially MongoDB and Postgres
Experience working in different product management methodologies
Note: We are looking for non-anonymous, full-time engineers at this point.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/apy-vision-principal-senior-developer/
--------------------------
Title: Product Marketing / Ecosystem Marketing Specialist (Canada-EST)
Description: ChainSafe is a leading blockchain research and development firm specializing in infrastructure solutions for the decentralized web. Alongside its contributions to significant ecosystems such as Ethereum, Polkadot, Filecoin, Mina, and more, ChainSafe creates solutions for developers and teams across the web3 space utilizing our expertise in gaming, bridging, NFTs, and decentralized storage. As part of the mission to build innovative products for users and better tooling for developers, ChainSafe embodies an open-source and community-oriented ethos.
To learn more about ChainSafe, look at our Discord, GitHub, and website.
Here’s what you need to know before reading on:
Our progressive tech stack includes Go, Rust, and TypeScript
We spearhead ecosystem projects like Lodestar, Web3.js, Forest, Mina-rs, and Gossamer
We are global, remote-friendly, and open to contractors
At ChainSafe, you’ll be part of a team that believes in the community’s vital importance and contributes to advancing humanity with open-source and decentralized technology.
Challenges for You to Work On:
You will be tasked with coming up with and executing on a marketing plan that sits under the overarching marketing strategy
Maintain & optimize all of ChainSafe’s digital channels
Ideate content ideas and optimize our current content with the content lead.
Support the events manager with marketing activities for events
Driving traffic to our digital entities including social media and website
Create internal resources (one-pagers, competitive and positioning data spreadsheets, and presentations.)
Maintain all of our marketing tools
Requirements
4-6 years of experience in digital and product marketing in tech companies
Experience with growth marketing including demand generation
Experience in creating visual and written content.
Experience managing social media accounts across many channels
Experience running email marketing campaigns.
Experience using CRMs such as hubspot
Exceptional planning, organization, and time management skills.
Highly motivated, have excellent verbal and written communication skills, be organized and detail-oriented
Strict attention to detail, initiative, follow-through, accountability, and superb interpersonal skills
Creative problem solver who can manage complex tasks and projects.
Has a positive attitude and can operate calmly under pressure.
Develop and maintain great relationships with key stakeholders, partners, and colleagues.
Ability to complete a high volume of tasks with minimal direction.
Familiarity with Web3, blockchain, and Crypto projects is desired.
Person needs to be located in Canada EST 
Why Join Us:
At ChainSafe, we are a compassionate group of builders and makers, working to bring our ideas to life. You’ll be part of a team that believes in the vital importance of community and contributing to advance humanity with open-source and decentralized technology.
We care deeply about our values and look for these in every team member: A dedication to self-improvement and professional development, a commitment to community and collaboration, a drive for accountability, diligence, and autonomy, and above all fostering a place of acceptance, friendliness, and compassion.
We welcome your fresh perspectives and ideas
ChainSafe is a remote-first company with an international team. We offer opportunities for personal and professional learning and growth, value autonomy and responsibility, and have a results-driven environment, flexible work hours and time-off policy, as well as competitive salary.
How to Apply
Please click on Apply Now, fill out the Greenhouse application form below and ensure that you attach your resume and link your LinkedIn.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/chainsafe-systems-marketing-specialist-canada-est/
--------------------------
Title: Content Writer (Toronto)
Description: ChainSafe is a leading blockchain research and development firm specializing in infrastructure solutions for the decentralized web. Alongside its contributions to significant ecosystems such as Ethereum, Polkadot, Filecoin, Mina, and more, ChainSafe creates solutions for developers and teams across the web3 space utilizing our expertise in gaming, bridging, NFTs, and decentralized storage. As part of the mission to build innovative products for users and better tooling for developers, ChainSafe embodies an open-source and community-oriented ethos.
To learn more about ChainSafe, look at our Discord, GitHub, and website.
Here’s what you need to know before reading on:
Our progressive tech stack includes Go, Rust, and TypeScript
We spearhead ecosystem projects like Lodestar, Web3.js, Forest, Mina-rs, and Gossamer
We are global, remote-friendly, and open to contractors
At ChainSafe, you’ll be part of a team that believes in the community’s vital importance and contributes to advancing humanity with open-source and decentralized technology.
About the role
We are seeking a dedicated technical writer to join us! You will collaborate with other writers and content creators to develop useful, engaging content and campaigns to grow our user base. Your duties will include working on all aspects of ChainSafe’s content output. You will not be expected to deliver images with your content.
Responsibilities:
Below are some of the responsibilities a technical writer is expected to assume:
Work with project managers and developers to create content that drives business goals
Refine technical information and other various materials for explaining products and services
Use previously selected fonts and other typographic elements
Ensure projects are completed on time and meet quality standards
Suggest best practices and optimizations throughout content generation process
Collaborate and develop new approaches for creating more engaging and impactful content
Manage complex information and multiple projects within content specifications and budget restrictions
Use company brand voice and messaging for written pieces to reinforce the company culture
Create technical documents that convey accurate messaging for the project
Edit and revise content as needed
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree or relevant experience in a technical field
2+ years of experience producing content for a developer audience
An ability to think analytically and string together a compelling argument
Familiarity in Google Suite, Notion, Hubspot, and PDF software such as Adobe Acrobat
Familiarity with systems development life cycle (SDLC)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Attention to detail and critical thinking skills
Minimum of two years experience in tech-heavy writing
Fluency in English or the desired language
Time management and organizational skills
Person needs to be located in the Eastern timezone
Nice to have:
Have an existing social media following
Experience using figma, has familiarity with HTML and CSS
Experience with both print and digital media formats
Prior web3 experience i.e. crypto-native/blockchain
Why Join Us:
At ChainSafe, we are a compassionate group of builders and makers, working to bring our ideas to life. You’ll be part of a team that believes in the vital importance of community and contributing to advance humanity with open-source and decentralized technology.
We welcome your fresh perspectives and ideas
ChainSafe is a remote-first company with an international team. We offer opportunities for personal and professional learning and growth, value autonomy and responsibility, and have a results-driven environment, flexible work hours and time-off policy, as well as competitive salary.
How to Apply
Please click apply and fill out the Greenhouse application form and ensure that you attach your resume and link your LinkedIn.
We care deeply about our values and look for these in every team member: A dedication to self-improvement and professional development, a commitment to community and collaboration, a drive for accountability, diligence, and autonomy, and above all fostering a place of acceptance, friendliness, and compassion.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/chainsafe-systems-content-writer-toronto/
--------------------------
Title: Technical Product Lead - Sygma
Description: ChainSafe is a leading blockchain research and development firm specializing in infrastructure solutions for the decentralized web. Alongside its contributions to significant ecosystems such as Ethereum, Polkadot, Filecoin, Mina, and more, ChainSafe creates solutions for developers and teams across the web3 space utilizing our expertise in gaming, bridging, NFTs, and decentralized storage. As part of the mission to build innovative products for users and better tooling for developers, ChainSafe embodies an open-source and community-oriented ethos.
To learn more about ChainSafe, look at our Discord, GitHub, and website.
Here’s what you need to know before reading on:
Our progressive tech stack includes Go, Rust, and TypeScript
We spearhead ecosystem projects like Lodestar, Web3.js, Forest, Mina-rs, and Gossamer
We are global, remote-friendly, and open to contractors
At ChainSafe, you’ll be part of a team that believes in the community’s vital importance and contributes to advancing humanity with open-source and decentralized technology.
As a Technical Product Lead at ChainSafe, you’ll lead product initiatives to help the nascent Web3 industry realize it’s potential. With your entrepreneurial spirit and pragmatic approach, you’ll drive products from concept to reality. In order to do that you use your deep understanding of the market landscape, uncover and assess areas of opportunity, and develop a product strategy.
We are looking for a passionate individual to lead product for Sygma - The interoperability layer for building cross-blockchain applications.
We believe that cross-chain interoperability is the fundamental enabler for the next wave of growth in the blockchain industry. Sygma will empower builders to create streamlined experiences where users are not confined to one ecosystem. By enabling elaborate cross-chain functionality and putting most of the steps under the hood, Sygma will enable smooth, web2-like user experiences. Please find more information about Sygma on the Sygma website.
It is a very exciting time as Web3 and blockchain technology is continuously pushing the boundaries of what is possible and new opportunities arise on a daily basis. It is a great time to join and this position is both fun and rewarding!
Responsibilities
Own the vision, value proposition, and strategy for Sygma
Be a credible public voice in cross-chain interoperability and bridging; understand what drives the market and the technology
Understand business goals and establish product success criteria with clearly measurable objectives and key results to deliver a great user experience
Develop the product roadmap, get alignment on prioritization and timelines to meet business goals
Partner with a world-class team of Engineers, Researchers & Designers to execute efficiently and deliver impact for our business and users
Continuously look for ways to improve our products & practices and inspire people toward a unified outcome
Mentor and coach other product managers and help to shape the ChainSafe product culture
Communicate effectively within the team and with leadership to influence outcomes
Define and analyze metrics that inform product success & health
Requirements
Extensive experience working on technology-powered products as a product lead or head of product
3+ years working in the blockchain industry on the protocol (L1, L2, Interoperability) or application level (DeFi, Wallets, …)
Passion and Excitement for the multi- and cross-chain future and technical understanding of the technology powering bridges and cross-chain protocols
Demonstrated understanding of multiple functional areas of business – engineering, design, finance, sales, or marketing
Demonstrated ability to thrive with a high level of self-direction, autonomy and responsibility.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, and experience communicating across different audiences, including users, partners, and developers.
Demonstrated ability to figure out solutions to hard problems with many constraints, using sound judgement to assess risks, navigate uncertainties and to lay out your argument in a well-structured, data-informed, written narrative
Proven ability to engage with engineers, designers, and company leaders in a constructive and collaborative relationship
Bonus points
Experience managing blockchain and/or open-source projects
Hands-on experience with cross-chain protocols
Why Join ChainSafe
Founded by developers for developers, ChainSafe is a remote-first company with an international team. We continue to provide opportunities for personal and professional growth, value autonomy and responsibility, have a results-driven environment, and offer flexible work hours.
We care deeply about our values and look for these attributes in every new team member. In addition, we recognize the benefits of cultivating a diverse team and aspire to embed respect for all people into our culture. We encourage women, the LGBTQIA+ community, people of color, and members of any other group underrepresented in the blockchain space (or tech in general) to apply.
How to Apply
Please click apply and fill out the Greenhouse application form and ensure that you attach your resume and link your Github/Gitlab profile or any software project you have contributed to (if applicable).
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/chainsafe-systems-technical-product-lead-sygma/
--------------------------
Title: Software Engineer (Golang)
Description: About Status
Status is building the tools and infrastructure for the advancement of a secure, private, and open web3.
With the high level goals of preserving the right to privacy, mitigating the risk of censorship, and promoting economic trade in a transparent, open manner, Status is building a community where anyone is welcome to join and contribute.
As an organization, Status seeks to push the web3 ecosystem forward through research, creation of developer tools, and support of the open source community.
As a product, Status is an open source, Ethereum-based app that gives users the power to chat, transact, and access a revolutionary world of DApps on the decentralized web. But Status is also building foundational infrastructure for the whole Ethereum ecosystem, including the Nimbus ETH 1.0 and 2.0 clients, the Keycard hardware wallet, and the Waku messaging protocol (a continuation of Whisper).
As a team, Status has been completely distributed since inception. Our team is currently 150+ core contributors strong, and welcomes a growing number of community members from all walks of life, scattered all around the globe.
We care deeply about open source, and our organizational structure has minimal hierarchy and no fixed work hours. We believe in working with a high degree of autonomy while supporting the organization’s priorities.
About Waku
We are building Waku as a public good infrastructure. Waku is the messaging layer of Web3.
It is a decentralized, censorship-resistant, privacy-preserving communication network that enables anyone to send and receive messages without worrying about surveillance or deplatforming.
We are developing 3 open source implementations of Waku:
Nwaku: the reference implementation and service node
Js-waku: for the browser
Go-waku: to integrate as a library in native applications
We are enabling Ethereum builders to create new projects with a fully decentralized architecture, think dApp to Wallet notifications, NFT marketplaces, censorship-resistant chat, layer-2 decentralization and more.
We are looking for a Software Engineer who is passionate about Ethereum, and decentralization. And who would relish the opportunity to champion Waku to other Web3 projects and developers.
Key Responsibilities
Design, implement and document Waku Golang libraries (go-waku)
Maintain, improve, troubleshoot Waku React Native, the React Native wrapper of go-waku
Implement new protocols as defined by the Research Team
Investigate and fix issues in go-waku and upstream libraries such as go-libp2p
Optimize go-waku and upstream libraries for the mobile/React Native
Support dApp developers in using go-waku and Waku Golang libraries
You ideally will have
Experience building applications with complex logic, cutting edge technology or applied research
Ability to learn new concepts and technologies quickly, you are a polyglot
Open to maintaining a native library for React Native
Experience building libraries in Golang, for network and mobile environments
Good communication skills (written and conversational)
Strong alignment to our principles
Bonus points if:
You are already familiar with the Ethereum community
You have experience with go-libp2p or other libp2p implementations
You have experience with C-Bindings & Cgo
You are in Web3 or blockchain development
You have experience working for an open source organization
You have experience working async
[Don’t worry if you don’t meet all of these criteria, we’d still love to hear from you anyway if you think you’d be a great fit for this role. Just explain to us why in your cover letter].
Hiring Process
Intro call with our People Ops team
Interview with member of the Waku team
Pair programming session with member of the Waku team
Interview with Program Lead
Compensation
The expected compensation range for this role is $65,000 - $80,000 (negotiable, dependent on how we assess your skills and experience throughout our interview process. We are happy to pay in any mix of fiat/crypto).
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/status-software-engineer-golang/
--------------------------
Title: Blockchain Core Developer - Golang, Ethereum
Description: About Clearmatics
Clearmatics is a blockchain protocol engineering company that builds decentralised financial market infrastructures that are more open, efficient, and resilient than those serving legacy market structures of today.
We have a bold vision for this new market infrastructure - enabling market participants to solve currently unaddressed problems of the real economy, including “missing markets” problems. We aim to achieve our vision through technologies that allow peer-to-peer trading and settlement within new markets, and with digital assets whose values track real-world risk factors that currently have no suitable expression in legacy markets.
No matter the nature of a risk factor, whether macro-economic or climactic, our mission is to make important risk factors tradable; by anyone, anywhere, without reliance on financial intermediaries. We are building this new infrastructure in collaboration with incredible trading and blockchain communities.
Clearmatics was founded in 2015, and we have ever since been committed advocates of Open Source development, and active participants in the blockchain and cryptography research communities. We’ve been an active participant and supporter of decentralized infrastructure initiatives including Enterprise Ethereum Alliance.
We’re looking to hire a Core Developer to expand our Layer 1 Engineering team.
Our stack is Ethereum-like, so familiarity with – and passion for – the space is key.
Some of the areas we tackle include blockchain infrastructure optimised for financial use-cases, protocols for specific applications (such as smart contract-based derivatives, synthetic assets, cryptocurrency stabilization,…), scalability and privacy through cryptography (zkSNARKs, multiparty computation, private transactions/assets).
ABOUT YOU
You’re a systems programmer with good knowledge of Layer 1 protocols, and a passion for blockchain and decentralisation. You enjoy working to a high standard and writing code that is clean, performant, and maintainable. You appreciate the importance of careful design choices and can anticipate the impact of code changes on wider system behaviour. You can demonstrate a strong interest in blockchain and may even have open source contributions that you can highlight. You express yourself clearly in writing and in discussions.
RESPONSIBILITIES
You will be involved at all stages of the development lifecycle for the Autonity protocol and its blockchain node client (a fork of go-ethereum). These include:
Implementing new protocol features in Go and Solidity
Developing new distributed systems tests and frameworks
Contributing to protocol and design specifications
Working with members of the community to resolve issues
Your work will ensure that Autonity client is correct, reliable, performant, and secure. This will enable Autonity to serve as the foundational layer for a new ecosystem of decentralised markets.
REQUIREMENTS
At least a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field
Strong programming skills in a low-level language like Go, Rust, or C++ (ideally 2+ years with Go)
Experience with network, concurrent, and distributed programming/debugging on Linux systems
Good knowledge of Ethereum protocols, BFT and dPoS consensus, P2P messaging, and crypto primitives
BONUS POINTS
Experience developing on a blockchain node client (preferably Ethereum-like)
Knowledge of distributed systems theory obtained from coursework or self-study
Smart contract programming experience using Solidity and Web3 APIs
Our compensation is blockchain competitive and dependent on your skills & experience.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/clearmatics-blockchain-core-developer-golang-ethereum/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Solidity Engineer
Description: Who We Are
GammaSwap is building a novel oracle free volatility DEX where users can short the liquidity inside any AMM and any liquidity pool. This could be used to hedge Impermanent Loss or to long volatility on a token pair.
We also have ideas for novel products that will change DeFi as we know it touching every major category. We will need your help building those.
As a team, we value the freedom to work anywhere in the world, constructive and open dialogues, and credibly neutral protocols.
Who You Are
A senior level engineer with a background in developing Solidity based smart contracts. You have at least two years of experience (or equivalent knowledge) in developing high-performing blockchain apps or smart contracts and can provide code samples that demonstrate this.
A passion for building bleeding-edge technology on the blockchain and pushing forward innovation in DeFi. You’re a creative thinker and analytical problem solver who is inspired by the opportunity to build new startups and products and is unafraid to push the boundaries of what’s possible with technology. You possess a deep mastery of other open-source technologies that power the web. You can write and speak fluent English.
Responsibilities
Design and build complex automated strategies using vaults
Envision and develop features to help build new applications
Implement algorithms developed for our novel AMM
Collaborate with the team and cross-functional partners on all aspects of product development.
Identify and advocate for team-wide areas of improvement and best practices.
Mentor team members to refine their technical and architectural skills.
Take a security first approach to smart contract development
Requirements
Experience owning and shipping multiple products
3+ years of industry experience in software engineering preferably in a low level language like C++
Basic Solidity understanding, preferably with at least one project shipped to mainnet
Ability to quickly iterate and ship code using test-driven development patterns
Experience with version control, such as Git
Knowledge of engineering best practices such as continuous integration
Exceptional judgment, problem-solving skills, and an analytical mindset
Ability to work in areas beyond your comfort zone and motivated by personal growth
A passion for learning and a self-awareness of your learning style
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/gammaswap-labs-senior-solidity-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: E-Commerce Lead
Description: About Us
At Ryder we believe that web3 is the cornerstone of a world where economic freedom is a fundamental right, granting individuals full control over their digital assets and identities, and paving the way for a more prosperous and equitable global society.
Our mission is to make web3 accessible and secure to all by developing the world’s best hardware and software products that seamlessly remove web3’s complexity, allowing the next billion users to join this new era of the internet with exceptional ease.
About The Role
We are looking for an experienced E-commerce lead to oversee our company’s bread and butter — Ryder’s online sales and digital marketing efforts. You will be in charge of the overall sales performance and drive conversions at optimal costs per acquisition. A keen eye for detail and data analysis would be a winning trait for this role.
Responsibilities
As a E-Commerce Lead, you will be responsible for:
Together with the growth team, develop and execute digital marketing strategies to drive online sales and increase Ryder’s overall brand awareness
Manage and optimize the bread and butter of our company - Ryder’s e-commerce shop, and build effective multi-channel performance marketing strategies, not limited to SEM, PPC, SEO, social media, affiliate marketing and other digital channels.
Establish and optimize various sales funnel and ensure that all campaigns are executed effectively and efficiently
Conduct regular conversion rate optimization audits and execute A/B tests, user testing/feedback to improve conversion rates across the brands’ digital channels and assets
Collaborate with product and engineering teams to ensure e-commerce initiatives are aligned with company goals and objectives
Stay up-to-date with the latest e-commerce and web3 trends and continuously seek out new ways to improve the customer experience, drive sales, crypto and non-crypto customer behavior and make data-driven recommendations for improvement.
Qualifications
3+ years of experience in e-commerce, digital and performance marketing, with a proven track record of driving online sales, especially with consumer products particularly hardware or electronic products
Expertise with e-commerce platforms and digital marketing tools, including Google Analytics, Google AdWords, META, Convert Kit, SEMRush, Zapier and other marketing software
Strong analytical skills and the ability to use data to drive decision-making
Knowledge of CRO, SEO, SEM, and other digital marketing channels
Expertise with UX/UI principles and A/B testing
Excellent communication and leadership skills
Ability to thrive in a rapid, agile, and often ambiguous environment with a growth mindset.
We’d also like to see
Knowledge of web3, hardware and electronic products
Strong network and connections with brands are a plus
Experience in retail on the platform side and brand side is highly preferred
Experience in developing a strong sales team - passion for leading and developing people.
Why Work With Us
At Ryder, we are committed to creating a culture of excellence where our team members can thrive. We offer a competitive salary, flexible work hours, and opportunities for career growth. Our team is made up of passionate and driven individuals who are committed to making a difference in this new internet era.
If you are passionate about technology and designs that solve complex problems, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity.
To apply, send your CV to louise@ryder.id
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/ryder-e-commerce-lead/
--------------------------
Title: Crypto Full Stack Developer (Remote)
Description: Token Metrics is looking for a highly skilled Full-Stack Engineer who will be responsible for designing and developing front-end, back-end and architecture, ensuring the responsiveness of applications and working alongside design team for web design features, among other duties. Full Stack Developer will be required to see out a project from conception to final product, requiring good organizational skills and attention to detail.
Full Stack Developer Responsibilities
Developing front end website architecture.
Designing user interactions on web pages.
Developing back end website applications.
Creating servers and databases for functionality.
Ensuring cross-platform optimization for mobile phones.
Ensuring responsiveness of applications.
Working alongside graphic designers for web design features.
Seeing through a project from conception to finished product.
Designing and developing APIs.
Meeting both technical and consumer needs.
Staying abreast of developments in web applications and programming languages.
Full Stack Developer Requirements
Degree in Computer Science.
Strong organizational and project management skills.
Proficiency with fundamental front end languages such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Familiarity with JavaScript frameworks such as Angular JS, React.
Proficiency with server side languages such as Python, Node Js, .Net.
Familiarity with database technology such as MySQL, Oracle and MongoDB.
Excellent verbal communication skills.
Good problem solving skills.
Attention to detail.
About Token Metrics
Token Metrics helps crypto investors build profitable portfolios using artificial intelligence based crypto indices, rankings, and price predictions.
Token Metrics has a diverse set of customers, from retail investors and traders to crypto fund managers, in more than 50 countries.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/token-metrics-crypto-full-stack-developer-remote/
--------------------------
Title: Infrastructure and Build/Release Engineer
Description: Infrastructure and Build/Release Engineer - UTC+8 (Asia) time zones or UTC-8 (US Pacific) time zones, Blockchain
About Clearmatics
Clearmatics is a blockchain protocol engineering company that builds decentralised financial market infrastructures that are more open, efficient, and resilient than those serving legacy market structures of today.
We have a bold vision for this new market infrastructure - enabling market participants to solve currently unaddressed problems of the real economy, including “missing markets” problems. We aim to achieve our vision through technologies that allow peer-to-peer trading and settlement within new markets, and with digital assets whose values track real-world risk factors that currently have no suitable expression in legacy markets.
No matter the nature of a risk factor, whether macro-economic or relating to real-world metrics such as climate data, our mission is to make important risk factors tradable; by anyone, anywhere, without reliance on financial intermediaries. We are building this new infrastructure in collaboration with incredible trading and blockchain communities.
Clearmatics was founded in 2015, and we have ever since been committed advocates of Open Source development, and active participants in the blockchain and cryptography research communities. We’ve also been an active participant and supporter of decentralized infrastructure initiatives including Enterprise Ethereum Alliance.
We’re growing our team and are looking for an Infrastructure Support Engineer to join us and become part of our journey.
Our stack is Ethereum-like, so familiarity with – and passion for – the Ethereum ecosystem is key.
Some of the areas we tackle include blockchain infrastructure optimized for financial use-cases, protocols for specific applications (such as smart contract-based derivatives, synthetic assets, cryptocurrency stabilization, …), scalability and privacy through cryptography (zkSNARKs, multiparty computation, private transactions/assets).
Responsibilities
Availability in a time zone different from UK/Europe - i.e. Asia or Americas
Blockchain Node operations (monitoring, fixing/debugging, provisioning, issue management, test & diagnosis), with progressive use of automation
Community involvement on Node operations questions (handling questions, triaging issues)
Non-node infra support (backups; DNS admin; websites; CI/CD pipelines / automation; advice & support to team members)
Support the creation and maintenance of documentation (both tech doc, and process)
Support the engineering team for testing (provide & maintain infra; run tests; scripts; automation)
Maintain and extend shell scripts and CI jobs for building, testing, releasing artefacts
Assist with diagnosing application, network, or system performance problems and bottlenecks
Requirements - Must have
Good knowledge of Layer 1 blockchain protocols, particularly Ethereum
Ability to work GMT (UTC) +8 / Asia time zones or GMT (UTC) - 8 / US time zones
Strong written and verbal English communication skills to handle client/user facing communications
2+ years hands-on system administration experience with critical Linux infrastructure and networks, including monitoring, diagnosing, and troubleshooting, in an environment that makes extensive use of automation, scripting, CI/CD, and infrastructure-as-code methodologies
Proficiency with shell scripting in Bash and UNIX userland tools
Experience creating and maintaining automated CI build, test, and release pipelines
Strong understanding of Git and its use in release engineering and automation
Experience building and maintaining Linux distro packages
Demonstrated ability take a proactive and flexible approach to problem-solving while maintaining high-quality documentation of processes, issues, and solutions
Nice to have
Experience with Linux performance engineering
Knowledge of UNIX/Linux system internals, TCP/IP, and debugging tools
Experience with cloud infrastructure automation tools and solutions
Demonstrated involvement in Open source projects, blockchain-related communities and online spaces
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/clearmatics-infrastructure-and-build-release-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Chief Marketing Officer (Crypto / Blockchain)
Description: Job Overview:
We are looking for an experienced and dynamic Chief Marketing Officer to join our team. As the CMO, you will be ensuring maximum exposure and driving the growth of our crypto and blockchain offerings through innovative marketing campaigns, new crypto/blockchain product introductions and strategic partnerships.
We own and operate a network of over 50 leading crypto sites covering news, market analysis, product reviews, product rankings and general blockchain education. They each have multiple revenue streams in various verticals, and have very well established structures and teams operating them - however new to market crypto/blockchain products are a key area of interest, and hence would like a CMO dedicated to marketing them. You’d be working in partnership with the aforementioned teams (as well as building your own), and as well as having our network of sites to work with, you’ll have any/all other avenues of marketing to utilise (ie SEO, paid ads, off site PR, social media, discord, reddit, telegram etc). This role would not be overseeing our websites, it is a dedicated role to overseeing the strategy (and healthy budgets) allocated purely to marketing new blockchain products.
Key Responsibilities:
Develop and execute marketing strategies in the crypto/blockchain space.
Conduct market research to identify trends and insights that will inform marketing strategies.
Create compelling marketing content and build brand awareness.
Manage and oversee SEO, content and PPC campaigns to ensure optimal results.
Develop and maintain strong relationships with industry influencers, partners, and media outlets to generate exposure
Monitor and analyze marketing performance metrics to track progress and adjust strategies as needed.
Build and lead a team of marketing professionals, providing guidance and support to help them achieve our collective goals.
Qualifications:
Proven track record of success in marketing for cryptocurrency/blockchain products.
Strong understanding of digital marketing strategies, including SEO and PPC
Ability to create and implement effective marketing campaigns that achieve measurable results.
Measurable experience of crypto social media marketing and community building
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build and maintain strong relationships with stakeholders and influencers.
Strong leadership skills with experience managing and mentoring a team.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to interpret data and make data-driven decisions.
“What’s in it for me” we hear you ask?
👌 A brilliant opportunity to grow your career & work with a fun, fast-paced & growing company, prepared to let you shine
🚀 An entrepreneurial environment where you learn more every day (we more than welcome and support people with their own projects)
🌳 Build an organisation right from the “beginning”
⭐️ Personal responsibility with a ton of autonomy
✈️ Truly remote working (Work anywhere in the world)
⛱️ 33/30 days of annual leave
💶 Market leading remuneration and bonuses + revenue/profit shares available
📚 A budget for your professional development and ongoing learning
🌎 An international team with over 35 nationalities
About us:
Based in Central London, but adopting a flexible and remote approach; Finixio is a Lead Generation and Affiliate Marketing company, building websites appealing to audiences worldwide. Our sites cover news, education, comparison and reviews, within the following exciting niches:
Cryptocurrency
Forex & Online Trading
Stocks & Shares
Personal Finance, Loans, Banking
Cyber Security & Software Technology
Casino & Online Gaming
Health & Nutrition
As part of a wider group, Finixio was formed in 2018 and is currently home to over 100 Websites / Brands - with more in the pipeline. It is a fantastic time to join our team of specialist digital marketers. With proven track records in our respective fields - we are well funded, highly profitable (yes, already!), and primed for significant growth.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/finixio-chief-marketing-officer-crypto-blockchain/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Growth Operations Manager (Remote)
Description: About You
Are you a growth-oriented business generalist, ready to take on a big challenge to drive the deals pipeline for an exciting web3 project? Do you have strong experience working on early stage developer facing products? Are you obsessed with the intersection of blockchain / video / consumer applications, and its potential impact to the masses? If so, you should consider joining Livepeer as our senior growth operations manager.
About Livepeer
Livepeer is the leading video layer in the web3 stack - powered by an open protocol, open source software, and a global community of node operators and contributors. We are an engineering centric team, focused on creating innovative and disruptive technology in an emerging industry. Livepeer’s decentralized video streaming infrastructure is used by applications across different verticals.
This is an incredible opportunity for someone with a deep passion and perspective on the impact that blockchain can deliver to innovative video use cases across social media, creator monetization, and video in general. Join a project that has been live for five years, has great investors, an exceptional team, and a token with real usage. Be part of something that is causing real world impact.
Livepeer is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We are committed to provide a community and environment for mutual respect, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We believe diversity and inclusion are crucial to our success and seek to recruit/develop from a diverse candidate pool.
About the Role
Livepeer is looking for a senior growth operations manager who can own and drive the deals pipeline. You will report directly to the cofounder, and collaborate closely with the go-to-market team to own opportunities that come into our pipeline from “open” to “live”. This is not a team-building role initially, and you’ll be expected to be the primary executor in collaboration with the cross functional teams.
Responsibilities
Own and drive the deals pipeline, tracking and reporting on pipeline performance.
Coordinate partner conversations / projects to create impact on go-to-market.
Work with marketing and dev rel team to optimize for pipeline conversion rate.
Work with product and customer success teams to optimize for Livepeer’s product-market-fit.
Analyze customer insights, consumer trends, market analysis, and marketing best practices to inform successful go to market strategies with leadership.
Requirements
At least 4 years of experience in bd/sales in early stage technical startups. You feel comfortable owning and driving the deals pipeline for a technical product.
Obsession with Livepeer’s target market - blockchain connected video applications across the social media and creator centric use cases. You want to see web3 deliver tremendous impact in these categories, and are obsessed with helping Livepeer enable this impact.
Deep understanding and enthusiasm for the web3 space.
Versatile, done-it-all, experience where you are not scared of getting your hands dirty executing across many different business areas. If you haven’t done something before, you have confidence you’ll figure it out.
Strong project management, multitasking, and decision-making skills.
Experience taking deals from start to finish, while managing expectations from customers.
Experience managing deals automation and CRM tools - for example, Hubspot.
Experience managing complex projects, and identifying areas of opportunity / improvement.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Metrics-driven, with an eye for innovative ways to accelerate growth.
Here is what to expect during the interview process:
Initial Preliminary Screening
Interview with Hiring Manager
Interview with team member(s)
Reference Checks + Verbal Offer
Official Offer Letter + Onboarding
Salary Range:
USD $90,000-$150,000 / year base salary
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/livepeer-senior-growth-operations-manager-remote/
--------------------------
Title: Web3 Head of Marketing & Business Development
Description: Hector Network is a decentralized ecosystem powered by the HEC utility token and complemented by the TOR stablecoin. Our mission is to make the adoption of blockchain technology accessible to the masses, through initiatives such as our NFT collection and Marketplace, Multipay & Tax Reports, a liquidity facilitator (Perpetual Exchange & DEX), and high yielding Treasury for DAO members.
The goal of that role is to analyze and assess existing marketing campaigns and identify significant areas for improvement, develop and execute strategies to promote Hector Network products and services, identify growth opportunities, build relationships with clients and partners, and negotiate contracts that are beneficial to the organization.
Ultimately, the mission of this role is to grow the community, increase revenue, brand awareness, and market share, all while upholding Hector Network’s values and building trust and credibility.
We are looking for an entrepreneurial and experienced marketing and business development guru, who will be leading all aspects of marketing, “go-to- market,” and growth initiatives. This is a hands-on and versatile role, and you will be the mastermind behind defining not only marketing but also executing and managing business development and sales initiatives.
Responsibilities:
Lead strategy development and execution to drive customer acquisition, engagement, and retention, as well as increase our market share and reach our growth targets.
Own the Growth Marketing P&L and quantitative growth model, which shows ROI on every dollar we spend.
Work with the data team to build dashboards to regularly monitor experiments, KPIs, and other key metrics
Building and managing a high-performing marketing and business development team, providing mentorship and guidance to team members
Define digital strategies across the entire customer lifecycle to maximize reach and retention
Guide the research and identification of target customer audiences
Lead experimentation processes along with data-driven decision-making, customer segmentation and funnel analysis
Make improvements to the strategies constantly by breaking down and interpret large and complex data that can be turned into actionable decision
Continually strive the team for high performance, higher volume and margins with ongoing optimization
You are a good fit if you are:
Strategic Thinker - The head of marketing should be able to develop and execute a comprehensive marketing strategy that aligns with the overall business objectives.
A DAO believer and are following DAO principles.
Data-Driven - The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of analytics and utilize data to make informed decisions.
Creative and Innovative - The head of marketing should have a knack for creating new and innovative marketing campaigns that break through the noise and generate high engagement.
Collaborative - A strong leader fosters a collaborative environment and thrives on building strong relationships with internal and external stakeholders.
Result Oriented - It is crucial that the Head of Marketing delivers measurable results for the company and demonstrates a clear return on investment.
Adaptable - Startups move at a fast pace and the ideal candidate should be able to pivot and adapt their strategies quickly as needed.
Humble enough to step aside and listen to others
Requirements
6-10 years of experience in marketing and business development roles, preferably in the technology or blockchain industry.
Amazing storyteller - Exceptional writing and communication skills.
Strong leadership skills with experience managing and developing high-performance teams.
A deep understanding of Web3 technologies, blockchain ecosystems, and a passion for the future of decentralized systems.
Proven track record of developing and executing successful marketing and business development strategies that resulted in significant revenue growth.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build strong relationships with leaders, team, community, customers, and partners.
Why work with us
Exciting opportunity to join a top Web3 project on a Fantom network
Amazing chance for you career movement into the revolutionary and innovative space
Competitive salary (We pay in stablecoin)
Global Connections in the Web3 space
Working in environment where ideas and opinions are valued and encouraged
Direct influence on our company’s development and vision
Talented and supportive team
You’ll learn a looot
Great market opportunity and growth potential
A focused, communicative team with aligned goals
Flexible working hours
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/hector-network-web3-head-of-marketing-business-development/
--------------------------
Title: Distributed Systems Testing Engineer
Description: About Status
Status is building the tools and infrastructure for the advancement of a secure, private, and open web3.
With the high level goals of preserving the right to privacy, mitigating the risk of censorship, and promoting economic trade in a transparent, open manner, Status is building a community where anyone is welcome to join and contribute.
As an organization, Status seeks to push the web3 ecosystem forward through research, creation of developer tools, and support of the open source community.
As a product, Status is an open source, Ethereum-based app that gives users the power to chat, transact, and access a revolutionary world of DApps on the decentralized web. But Status is also building foundational infrastructure for the whole Ethereum ecosystem, including the Nimbus ETH 1.0 and 2.0 clients, the Keycard hardware wallet, and the Waku messaging protocol (a continuation of Whisper).
As a team, Status has been completely distributed since inception. Our team is currently 150+ core contributors strong, and welcomes a growing number of community members from all walks of life, scattered all around the globe.
We care deeply about open source, and our organizational structure has minimal hierarchy and no fixed work hours. We believe in working with a high degree of autonomy while supporting the organization’s priorities.
About Codex
We’re a diverse team of experienced researchers and engineers scattered around the world working at the intersection of P2P networks and bleeding-edge Zero Knowledge technology. We’re building the next generation storage engine that attempts to “untie the knot” of incentivized storage. Our goal is to deliver a more advanced decentralized storage protocol that pushes the state of the art of decentralized storage solutions forward.
We’re looking for an experienced Distributed Testing Engineer with hands-on experience setting up, running and testing complex distributed network deployments; including but not limited to distributed databases, blockchains and p2p storage networks.
Key responsibilities
Conduct tests and simulations around various peer-to-peer algorithms and protocols being developed
Collect, analyze, and report on data and key insights from said experiments
Discern scaling boundaries and failure modes of tested distributed systems in realistic environments
Work with 3rd party vendors, tooling developers, and the broader community to establish best practices for testing the systems in question
Document findings to be consumed by both stakeholders and the general community
You ideally will have
A strong background in testing distributed systems and their common failure modes
A strong communication and documentation skills when explaining results and key findings
The ability to identify and mitigate false assumptions or weaknesses within a set of experiments or tests
Experience or familiarity with networking protocols and P2P systems
Experience or familiarity with Rust and/or Nim
Experience in Linux
Experience or familiarity with Docker
A strong alignment to our principles
Bonus points if
You have experience with Ansible, Terraform or other automated deployments platforms
You have worked with CI/CD tools like Jenkins, GitLab, AWS CodeDeploy
[Don’t worry if you don’t meet all of these criteria, we’d still love to hear from you anyway if you think you’d be a great fit for this role. Just explain to us why in your cover letter]
Hiring Process
Interview with People Ops team
Interview with Codex team member
Pair programming task w/ Codex team member
Interview with Codex team member
Interview with Codex Program Lead
Compensation
The expected compensation range for this role is $100,000 - $120,000 (negotiable, dependent on how we assess your skills and experience throughout our interview process). We are happy to pay in any mix of fiat/crypto.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/status-distributed-systems-testing-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Rust Engineer
Description: Novel problems and challenging technical tasks in a cutting edge field within the blockchain sector.
Senior engineering role focused on low-level programming for distrbuted system software.
Open and friendly culture with regular informal activities, annual offsite, and benefits.
2 week iteration cycle and in-person PR reviews.
Relocation packages available.
You can read more about Chainflip Labs and the team culture here.
What do we do?
Chainflip is a protocol that uses multi-party-computation and threshold signature schemes to allow our decentralised validator network to secure assets across multiple arbitrarily differentiated blockchain networks, with the ultimate goal of allowing users to swap between various cryptocurrencies across multiple blockchains in a trustless and programmatic way.
This is a real engineering challenge, one that we’ve been working on for over two years. It is a multidisciplinary exercise in distributed systems, decentralised finance, blockchain consensus mechanisms, cyber security, applied cryptography, and front end tooling. Our engineering team of 15 is on the lookout for additional people to tackle this challenge with us. We’re mostly based in Berlin, Germany.
What’s the Job?
This role is open to a European based software engineer who has strong experience in the particulars of Rust. We require someone who specialises in low-level optimisation, error handling, and can aide and advise the team and dealing with the subtlties and nuances of the language. Experience in a similar C based programming language, such as C++, or any strictly typed language is also a plus. Apparently we are one of the few companies in Europe who have built the entire backend in Rust from day one, so that’s neat.
We have multiple possible roles within our backend engineering team, all rust-based.
Your skills will be put towards these main areas:
The Chainflip Engine: this sidecar binary works in tandem with the State Chain to power our decentralised threshold signature protocol, and to witness events happening in the outside world. An in-depth knowledge of the challenges of distributed systems, networking protocols, cryptography, and Rust’s async features (specifically the tokio stack) would be great to have.
The State Chain: we are developing our own standalone blockchain using the substrate blockchain development framework. Previous experience of working with complex type systems would be beneficial here, as would some knowledge of how blockchains work internally, but not nescessary.
About the Rest of the Company
We are a Berlin-centric team with our own office space in the heart of Kreuzberg, but we have remote workers throughout Europe, a new office in Dublin, and a team in Melbourne, Australia. We meet up as a whole team twice a year, have a very open and flexible culture, and enjoy meaningful personal connections with one another. Our team has a diverse range of backgrounds and experiences to share, and hopefully you’ll be able to share yours with us too.
Our growing engineering team is run by Dr Martin Reike, an experienced CTO with plenty of blockchain related engineering and leadership experience. With him, the Rust, Web, and Devops team lead the charge on all things technical for Chainflip. The company is led by CEO Simon Harman, and he works closely with half a dozen operations and communications staff in Berlin and abroad to power the team and it’s product goals.
Who Should Apply?
If you’re based in Europe and/or willing to relocate to Berlin, have at least 3 years of professional experience as a Rust engineer, and over 6 years in software engineering more broadly, and are excited about new and exciting challenges that will push the boundaries of your knowledge in software, this is the role for you.
Salaries and Token packages are on offer that are commensurate with skill and experience. Please indicate your expected salary range when applying, and we will take that into consideration during the interview process.
The Process
Please submit your CV to for review. A screening call will be conducted by our operations manager. For our engineering or technical roles, the next stage is either a 2-3 hour takehome task or a 1hr remote real-time code interview run by our existing engineering team in a language of your choice. Following this you will have a more informal meeting with some other members of the team, including the CTO. From there, if successful, a final review with the CEO will take place. This whole process can take as little as 1 week for the right candidates.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/chainflip-senior-rust-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Product Designer
Description: About Coinshift
Coinshift is a leading non-custodial treasury management platform built on top of Gnosis safe. We provide a smart and sophisticated user experience application to manage treasury ops in an efficient manner. Our mission is to build the most sophisticated multi-chain crypto treasury management platform for DAOs & companies.
Since launching the MVP in June 2021, we’ve seen crazy traction from having nearly $150M+ in processed payments to having a billion dollars in assets under management. We now serve thousands of users across three continents and over 10 different countries. And we’re just getting started.
🎨 Senior Product Designer
We are looking for a passionate and highly skilled product designer to shape the future iterations of our product. This role is for someone who has agency, strong empathy and demonstrable experience in designing complex systems to create delightful user experiences.
This is an opportunity to join a well-funded startup as we scale our team and product.
Key Responsibilities
Designing new and improved products that increase clarity and user agency of DeFi and web3.
Wrangle difficult problems in emerging technology, help invent new mental models, and design cutting-edge interactions.
Help to define the design culture of a growing design team through writing, external communication, and new processes.
Use a human-centred approach that incorporates qualitative and quantitative data in order to create conceptual wireframes, prototypes and high-fidelity designs.
Conduct user research and usability testing early in the product development process. Incorporate qualitative feedback and quantitative insights to improve the overall user experience.
Prototype new product ideas through research and wireframing.
Collaborate with product and engineering on discovery work.
Contribute to the creation of a unified design system.
Required Skills
4+ years of product design experience for web.
2+ years experience in building products related to fintech, payments or financial reporting.
Expert in information architecture, interaction design, user interface design, and visual design.
Experience setting up and scaling component libraries or design systems.
A strong portfolio showcasing cutting-edge design (web2 consumer-like experiences).
Solid working knowledge of the latest product design tools such as Figma.
Strong empathetic communication skills, able to effectively collaborate and navigate differing perspectives and potential disagreements across teams.
Experience in designing web applications (mobile is not required).
Knowledgeable about the web3 ecosystem.
UX copywriting.
Nice-to-haves
Experience in web3.
Experience in building super apps.
Perks & Benefits
💻 Equipment Stipend
Unleash your productivity and creativity with our unbeatable remote office setup package - a generous equipment stipend to ensure you have everything you need to work comfortably and effectively.
⌛ Flexible Time Off
At Coinshift, we believe in the power of taking time to recharge and rejuvenate. That’s why we offer unlimited time off to all team members, with the average taking a refreshing 4-6 weeks.
💰 Get Paid in Real Time, in Crypto
Want to be at the forefront of the Web3 revolution? Join our team and get the option to be paid in Crypto - with our partnership with SuperFluid, you’ll have access to real-time salary streaming.
💼 Coworking Space Coverage
We’ll cover the expenses if you choose to work at a coworking space. Allowing you to work in a professional and productive environment while keeping your work-life balance intact.
🏄 Annual Retreats
And, once a year, we’ll whisk you away to an amazing destination for our annual team retreat, where you’ll collaborate, bond, and make unforgettable memories!
As an organization that celebrates diversity and inclusivity, we welcome candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Even if you don’t meet all the qualifications, we still want to hear from you!
As a member of our team, you’ll have the flexibility to choose how you get paid - fiat payments made monthly or, if you’re feeling more adventurous, real-time streaming of your salary in Crypto.
We look forward to your application!
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/coinshift-senior-product-designer/
--------------------------
Title: Resident Shitposter (Social Media Manager)
Description: We are looking for an experienced social media manager to join our team and help us grow the Ambire Wallet community and ecosystem. This is a fully remote position but you will need to be available during some European working hours.
The Role
As a resident shitposter at Ambire, you will be a part of the marketing and communications team. Your job will include the following tasks:
Maintain our social media profiles: Twitter, Facebook (we know, we know), Reddit, Lens, TikTok, Instagram, YouTube, etc. to drive positive sentiment towards Ambire
Prepare and execute a social media calendar
Create fun, intelligent and exciting content for all of our social media channels
Identify social media trends and utilize them for our needs; bonus points if you can actually start trends
Engage daily with our users, other Web3 people and projects and key opinion leaders on social media
Identify and recruit KOLs and influencers to act as brand ambassadors for Ambire
Organize AMA sessions, Twitter Spaces and other relevant formats together with our Community Manager(s)
Monitor and analyze competitors’ social media presence
Represent Ambire at industry events around the world
Prepare monthly reports on relevant social media metrics
Required skills
4+ years of experience maintaining and growing social media profiles in Web3
Exquisite shitposting skills and fluency in meme
Strong personal presence on Twitter and Lens
Strong technical skills and understanding of blockchain technology
Native English speaker
Passion for Web3
Ability to add value through effective project management, ruthless prioritization and efficient execution
Bonus: Existing personal network in crypto/DeFi/blockchain
What will make you stand out
Send us a meme you created that will make us giggle.
What’s in it for you
Work on exciting products with a team of incredible professionals
Competitive salary with achievement bonuses
Flexible work schedule
Additional paid leave
Learning and development budget for you to utilize as you see fit
Possibility to get paid in crypto
Who are we
We are Ambire - an innovative and fast-growing software company building our own products: a decentralized ad network, and a state-of-the-art account abstraction wallet that enables hassle-free access to DeFi without the steep learning curve of existing wallets.
We love clever tech, and the entrepreneurial spirit is in our DNA since day one. Our team is young, eager and curious. We have a passion for learning and creating products that can be enjoyed by people all over the world.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/ambire-wallet-resident-shitposter-social-media-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Community Manager
Description: We are looking for an experienced community manager to join our team and help us grow the Ambire Wallet community and ecosystem. This is a fully remote position but you will need to be available during some European working hours.
The Role
As a community manager at Ambire, you will be working closely with the marketing and communications team. Your job will include the following tasks:
Grow and engage global online communities across different channels to drive positive sentiment towards Ambire
Engage daily with our followers on Telegram, Discord, Twitter, Reddit, Publish0x and other channels
Gather and analyze community feedback, relay it to our development team
Craft intelligent and exciting content for the community
Identify and recruit KOLs and influencers to act as brand ambassadors for Ambire
Keep our communities up to date with Ambire Wallet developments, features and improvements
Create strategies for interacting with various Web3 communities to grow our following
Organize AMA sessions, Twitter Spaces and other relevant formats and identify publicity opportunities
Organize and manage online and offline community meetups
Explore forums, message boards and other platforms suitable for content distribution
Keep up to date with industry trends and prepare reports on emerging trends and opportunities
Represent Ambire at industry events around the world
Set and track relevant community metrics
Required skills
4+ years of experience building and growing online communities in crypto and blockchain
Existing personal network in crypto/DeFi/blockchain
Strong technical skills and understanding of blockchain technology
Native English speaker
Exquisite shitposter and meme aficionado
Strong personal presence across various social media platforms (а huge bonus will be a developed influential voice on Twitter)
Passion for Web3
Ability to add value through effective project management, ruthless prioritization and efficient execution
Bonus skills
Event management experience
Passion for customer service and strong conflict management skills
In-depth understanding of the cryptocurrency wallet market
Experience creating a successful narrative around a token or a project
What will make you stand out
Tell us how you understand account abstraction (AA) and why should we care about it.
What’s in it for you
Work on exciting products with a team of incredible professionals
Competitive salary with achievement bonuses
Flexible work schedule
Additional paid leave
Learning and development budget for you to utilize as you see fit
Possibility to get paid in crypto
Who are we
We are Ambire - an innovative and fast-growing software company building our own products: a decentralized ad network, and a state-of-the-art account abstraction wallet that enables hassle-free access to DeFi without the steep learning curve of existing wallets.
We love clever tech, and the entrepreneurial spirit is in our DNA since day one. Our team is young, eager and curious. We have a passion for learning and creating products that can be enjoyed by people all over the world.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/ambire-wallet-community-manager-ambire-wallet/
--------------------------
Title: Head of Investor Engagement & Fundraising
Description: About Status
Status is building the tools and infrastructure for the advancement of a secure, private, and open web3.
With the high level goals of preserving the right to privacy, mitigating the risk of censorship, and promoting economic trade in a transparent, open manner, Status is building a community where anyone is welcome to join and contribute.
As an organization, Status seeks to push the web3 ecosystem forward through research, creation of developer tools, and support of the open source community.
As a product, Status is an open source, Ethereum-based app that gives users the power to chat, transact, and access a revolutionary world of DApps on the decentralized web. But Status is also building foundational infrastructure for the whole Ethereum ecosystem, including the Nimbus ETH 1.0 and 2.0 clients, the Keycard hardware wallet, and the Waku messaging protocol (a continuation of Whisper).
As a team, Status has been completely distributed since inception.  Our team is currently 150+ core contributors strong, and welcomes a growing number of community members from all walks of life, scattered all around the globe.
We care deeply about open source, and our organizational structure has minimal hierarchy and no fixed work hours. We believe in working with a high degree of autonomy while supporting the organization’s priorities.
The Role:
Status seeks a motivated and entrepreneurial Head of Investor Relations and Fundraising Manager to join our fully remote, global team and help us build and manage relationships with stakeholders across the Web3 ecosystem and beyond.
This is a new, exciting opportunity to help shape the future success of Status. Status has been operating as a blockchain venture studio, and comprises a number of web3 infrastructure projects. We are looking for an individual to help further develop and execute upon our fundraising plans in parallel with our rebranding efforts, through working closely with our Founders, Finance and Communications teams.
The ideal candidate will have considerable experience in web3, a deep understanding of the investment landscape, and a proven track record of successfully communicating with and engaging investors in a nascent industry.
As our Head of Investor Relations, you’ll be joining a currently well-capitalized, cryptocurrency startup in its growth phase.
Key responsibilities:
Develop and implement a comprehensive investor relations strategy that aligns with the project goals and objectives of our Co-founders & teams
Seek out and maintain relationships with current and potential investors, including both traditional and crypto venture capital firms / investors
Develop investor confidence and belief in the company’s mission and strategy
Communicate the company’s financial and business performance, progress towards milestones, and future plans to investors and other stakeholders
Respond to investor inquiries and coordinate earnings calls, analyst days, and other investor events alongside Co-founders
Work closely with the Co-founders and other members of the leadership team to ensure consistent messaging and transparent communication with investors and our core contributors
Stay up-to-date with regulatory requirements and best practices in investor relations in the Web3 ecosystem
What you bring:
Experience in, and a passion for, Web3
A strong alignment to our principles
Bachelor’s degree in finance, economics, business, or a related field
Minimum of 8 years of experience in investor relations, with a focus on the web3 ecosystem
Solid understanding of the investment landscape and experience working with Growth-stage start-ups / scale ups
Deep familiarity with financial modeling techniques and valuation methods used by analysts and investors
Has superb written and verbal communication skills, as well as the ability to draft engaging and impactful messages for inspiring employees and investors
Ability to work effectively under tight deadlines and handle multiple priorities
Excellent attention to detail & a blend of finance, marketing and communication knowledge
Proven track record of successfully managing investor relations programs
Bonus points:
Experience working for an open source organization. 
[Don’t worry if you don’t meet all of these criteria, we’d still love to hear from you anyway if you think you’d be a great fit for this role. Just explain to us why in your cover letter].
Compensation:
The expected compensation range for this role is $130,000 - $160,000 annual (negotiable, dependent on how we assess your skills and experience throughout our interview process.
Performance bonus for leading a successful round in any of our projects of up to $100,000.
We are happy to pay in any mix of fiat/crypto.
Hiring process:
The hiring process for this role will be:
Interview with Pepper from our Talent team
Interview with Carl, Status Co-founder
Interview with Jarrad, Status Co-founder
Interview with Kaushal, Head of BD
The steps may change along the way if we see it makes sense to adapt the interview stages, so please consider the above as a guideline.
Get to know us:
We care deeply about open source software, and our organizational structure does away with a strict hierarchy and fixed work hours. We believe in working with a high degree of autonomy while supporting the organisation’s priorities.
We are Remote and Decentralized.
We are 150+ employees spread across 30+ different countries
We are driven by shared principles and believe in complete transparency. That’s why everything we do is completely public to the entire community.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/status-head-of-investor-relations/
--------------------------
Title: Head of Copy
Description: About Status
Status is building the tools and infrastructure for the advancement of a secure, private, and open web3.
With the high level goals of preserving the right to privacy, mitigating the risk of censorship, and promoting economic trade in a transparent, open manner, Status is building a community where anyone is welcome to join and contribute.
As an organization, Status seeks to push the web3 ecosystem forward through research, creation of developer tools, and support of the open source community.
As a product, Status is an open source, Ethereum-based app that gives users the power to chat, transact, and access a revolutionary world of DApps on the decentralized web. But Status is also building foundational infrastructure for the whole Ethereum ecosystem, including the Nimbus ETH 1.0 and 2.0 clients, the Keycard hardware wallet, and the Waku messaging protocol (a continuation of Whisper).
As a team, Status has been completely distributed since inception.  Our team is currently 150+ core contributors strong, and welcomes a growing number of community members from all walks of life, scattered all around the globe.
We care deeply about open source, and our organizational structure has minimal hierarchy and no fixed work hours. We believe in working with a high degree of autonomy while supporting the organization’s priorities.
The role
We are seeking an experienced and talented Head of Copy to manage all content creation across a variety of mediums, including; digital, print, and social media. This role will lead the Copywriting and Technical Documentation team and sits within the Comms Hub which supports the entire organisation with their varied communication needs. If you are a strong advocate for decentralization, free speech and privacy, this could be a great fit.
The Copywriting and Technical Documentation team is created to ensure that we can establish a high standard for our copywriting across the organisation, with the aim of improving overall copywriting efforts, resulting in inspiring, motivational and energetic political copy and clear, purposeful and effective commercial copy.
The post holder will be expected to have the seniority to be able to lead and mentor others and act as a lead for the Copywriting and Technical Documentation team.
About Status:
Our core app, Status, is an open source, Ethereum-based app that gives users the power to chat, transact, and access a revolutionary world of DApps on the decentralized web. With the high level goals of preserving the right to privacy, protecting messages from third parties, and safely sending, storing and receiving cryptocurrencies with you being the only one who holds the keys to your funds.
About Logos:
A group of Status Contributors are also involved in a new project, called Logos, and this particular role will enable you to also focus on this project. Logos is a grassroots movement to provide trust-minimized, corruption resistant governing services and social institutions to underserved citizens.
Logos’ infrastructure will provide a base for the provisioning of the next-generation of governing services and social institutions - paving the way to economic opportunities to those who need them most, whilst respecting basic human rights through the network’s design.
You can read more about Logos here in this small handbook for mindful readers like yourself.
Key responsibilities:
Design and deliver a detailed plan and roadmap for producing engaging, motivational and effective political and community facing content that resonates with target audiences and achieves desired outcomes.
To provide effective and motivating leadership for the Copywriting and Technical Documentation team members.
Develop guidelines and best practice with the aim of improving copywriting efforts across all teams
You ideally will have:
Strong portfolio showcasing copywriting work.
Substantial leadership experience.
Ability to write for different audiences and styles, adapting tone and language as needed.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills.
Experience in, and passion for, blockchain technology.
A strong alignment to our principles
Strong advocacy for Decentralization, Free Speech and Privacy.
Shared values and political ideologies of the cypherpunk movement.
Comfortable working remotely and asynchronously.
Bonus points:
5+ years of experience in writing and editing copy.
Experience working for an open source organisation.
Technical writing experience.
Experience with political or activist movements.
[Don’t worry if you don’t meet all of these criteria, we’d still love to hear from you anyway if you think you’d be a great fit for this role. Just explain to us why in your cover letter].
Compensation:
The expected compensation range for this role is $80,000 - $110,000 (negotiable, dependent on how we assess your skills and experience throughout our interview process.
We are happy to pay in any mix of fiat/crypto.
Hiring process:
The hiring process for this role will be:
Interview with Pepper from our Talent team
Interview with Al, Communications & Activism Director, Comms Hub team
Interview with Ned, Creative Director, Comms Hub team
Interview with Santiago, Head of Campaigns, Comms Hub team
The steps may change along the way if we see it makes sense to adapt the interview stages, so please consider the above as a guideline.
Get to know us
We care deeply about open source software, and our organizational structure does away with a strict hierarchy and fixed work hours. We believe in working with a high degree of autonomy while supporting the organisation’s priorities.
We are Remote and Decentralized.
We are 150+ employees spread across 30+ different countries
We are driven by shared principles and believe in complete transparency. That’s why everything we do is completely public to the entire community.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/status-head-of-copy/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Partnership Manager
Description: Gelato is Web3’s decentralized backend empowering builders to create augmented smart contracts that are automated, gasless & off-chain aware.
Leading Web3 projects rely on Gelato to power the execution of millions of transactions across DeFi, NFT and Gaming.
Join our team of around 30 and work directly with the founders to build the future of web3 infrastructure. Enjoy a lot of perks, travel with us to cool events, and participate in amazing off-site retreats with the team!
Watch a short summary.
Requirements
What you’ll accomplish
Detailed research, review, and analysis of the market to determine prospects for long term partnerships
Dive deep into web3 use cases and understand the future of the industry
Targeting prestigious, influential and established projects
Work closely across the Business Development team to identify leads and accounts that would benefit from dedicated management
Developing engaging pitch decks and documentation
Preparing Memorandums of understandings and various documentation
Requirements
5yrs + experience in Business Development, including extensive experience in strategic account development, management, and growth
Significant experience in conducting research, and detailed analysis of data to inform sales strategy
Ideally a Degree in Computer Science or related field
Strong experience in highly technical products, and technical sales process’s
Ability to explain complex technical problems in simple and innovative ways
Well-organized with strong time management skills and proactive personality
Experience using CRMs like Hubspot, Pipedrive, etc
Track record of overachieving your goals
Comfortable in fast-paced environments
Strong interest in DeFi, Gaming, and NFTs
Willingness to travel to conferences, events and to meet potential partners
Benefits
Work very autonomously
Generous GEL token package
Competitive Salary
Unlimited holiday (yes you heard that right!)
Work together with one of the best technical teams on Ethereum
Build relationships with top teams which are already Gelato users, including MakerDAO, Optimism, Pancakeswap and many more
Chance to travel the world to go to exciting events and connect with key players in this industry
Join amazing in-person offsites all over the world
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/gelato-network-senior-partnership-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Junior Settlement Specialist
Description: About Wintermute
At Wintermute our mission is to enable, empower and advance the truly decentralized world for more transparent and efficient markets and products. We do this by providing liquidity algorithmically across most trading venues in crypto, supporting all major centralized and decentralized trading venues, AMMs, RFQs, aggregators and chains.
Wintermute’s customer-facing business includes various OTC products such as electronic trading API and single-dealer platform for a wide range of counterparties from crypto native whales to large traditional finance institutions. Wintermute is also providing liquidity for blockchain projects where we support most of the world’s largest and most prominent launches. In addition to providing the best in class liquidity products, Wintermute is actively participating in the building and development of the blockchain ecosystem through investments from Wintermute Ventures, partnerships and co-development with upcoming protocols and incubation of own projects.
Wintermute is a hyper-growth highly profitable business with a very ambitious vision and roadmap. We manage billions of dollars in assets and trade more than $5B/day. We are backed by Lightspeed, Pantera Capital, Sino Global Capital, Blockchain.com Ventures, Avon Ventures by Fidelity Investments, DeFi Alliance and other top tier investors. We are run as a technology company, not a financial service provider, and we build our culture around core values of ambition, collaboration, entrepreneurship, transparency and meritocracy.
Nature of the role
We are a hyper-growth startup in one of the most dynamic industries today. We are looking for a Settlements Specialist who has expertise in settlements in the crypto space or has traditional financial markets experience. The individual must easily adapt to the entrepreneurial, varied and highly dynamic nature of a startup business.
In this role you will work closely with the Middle Office, Trading, Business Development and Product teams.
Responsibilities
Communicating and liaising with counterparties to ensure they are satisfied with the OTC services that Wintermute provides
Trade settlement - communicating with trading counterparties to ensure timely and accurate settlements
Trade reconciliation - ensuring the trades that we agree to settle have the correct trade economics
Process improvement - working with developers to help automate processes or design ways to streamline current processes
Answering trade queries internally and externally
Hard Skills Requirements
0-3 years experience in settlements in the crypto or traditional finance space, we can also consider applicants fresh out of University.
Prior experience with Operations functions and / or counterparty relationship management in a crypto/financial services company with high-volume and complex operations (multiple products, multiple geographies); experience in an hft/liquidity provision business is a significant advantage
Excellent Excel skills and ability to analyse and work with tabular data
Experience in process improvement is a significant advantage
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance or another Quantitative Field
Strong interest and curiosity in blockchain technology & crypto
Other Requirements
Owner mentality: take ownership of tasks and projects. A drive to understand the business beyond own role to add value to the overall business
Comfortable working in a very non-hierarchical organization without necessarily having direct reports.
Determination, ambition yet humility; ability to both influence others and listen/learn from others
Like meritocracy and being judged by what you deliver
Drive to do whatever it takes to get things done; ability to find creative yet highly professional and compliant solutions to complex tasks
Have an entrepreneurial mindset vs 9-to-5 mentality; prepared to work non-standard working hours (since we are a high-growth start-up operating in 24/7 crypto world). You may be required to do shift work, to cover early mornings or late evenings.
Like working in the team environment working from our London.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/wintermute-junior-settlement-specialist/
--------------------------
Title: C++ Trading Platform Developer
Description: About Wintermute
At Wintermute our mission is to enable, empower and advance the truly decentralized world for more transparent and efficient markets and products.
We do this by providing liquidity algorithmically across most trading venues in crypto, supporting all major centralized and decentralized trading venues, AMMs, RFQs, aggregators and chains. Wintermute is also offering best-in-class OTC products to crypto native as well as traditional financial institutions.
Wintermute is actively participating in the building and development of the blockchain ecosystem through investments from Wintermute Ventures, partnerships and co-development with upcoming protocols and incubation of own projects. We act as official market makers for a large number of the world’s highest profile blockchain projects.
Wintermute is a hyper-growth highly profitable business with a very ambitious vision and roadmap. We manage billions of dollars in assets and trade more than $5B/day. We are backed by Lightspeed, Pantera Capital, Sino Global Capital, Blockchain.com Ventures, Avon Ventures by Fidelity Investments, DeFi Alliance and other top tier investors. We are run as a technology company, not a financial service provider, and we build our culture around core values of ambition, collaboration, entrepreneurship, transparency and meritocracy.
Working at Wintermute
We are looking for a C++ Trading Platform Developer who is passionate about technology, interested in both low level details of how computer hardware operates and high-level design of large systems, as well as in data infrastructure. Someone who likes opening the hood to see how things work, has understanding of data structures, experience writing client-server network applications, and writing and optimising code for high performance. We welcome your previous experience from your own personal projects as well as commercial experience. We are looking for people who are passionate about technology and have experience looking under the hood to see how C++ standard libraries and other solutions are implemented. Interest in algorithmic and quantitative trading is a plus.
At Wintermute you will have an opportunity to grow and make direct impact on trading by developing and improving all the parts of the trading platform, data infrastructure and related software, while also getting advice and guidance from very experienced developers and traders, including the founders. You will get a lot of independence and responsibility right away, and you’ll learn at an unprecedented speed! No legacy systems, no multiple levels of approvals, no bureaucracy; all developers report directly to CTO who is very hands on. You are judged by what you deliver, not by the hours your do.
It is up to you to make an impact! You will work alongside exceptionally sharp colleagues, learn how to write fail-safe code and improve performance and scalability of the trading system, a real challenge and a rare opportunity! We have flexible working arrangements, it’s the productivity that matters. At least several days a week in the office with our own gym, unlimited food and drinks are required.
What will you work on
A great advantage of this position is that it is varied, and it is also up to you to shape it in the direction that matches your talents and company needs. The focus of the role would be to work on the global trading platform that spans across many continents, with real time data capture, order entry on dozens of exchanges, robust connectivity and built in monitoring. You would be working on expanding and scaling up our trading platform, mainly using C++ and Python.
All the workstations and servers are running Linux, no windows in trading and the development team. We also keep things simple and easy to understand wherever possible which means designing, scalable and robust C++ and Python code is a main skill. We will share more technical details in the interviews. You will have opportunity to improve your knowledge of software optimisations, of building robust large-scale systems and to understand crypto currency trading.
Hard Skills requirements
Strong C++ skills are required - we will test
Experience with looking under the hood to see how C++ standard libraries work - we will test
Strong analytical skills - we will test
Understanding of networking, CPU and memory model, assembly language - desirable
Wintermute Offer
A unique opportunity to work on very interesting projects, get the level of responsibility and ownership that would be unlikely at any other project or trading firm
A unique opportunity to join one of the strongest and most successful CeFi teams globally
Great company culture: informal, non-hierarchical, ambitious, highly professional yet collaborative and entrepreneurial
A cool office in central London with a sci-fi touch
Although we are unable to accept fully remote candidates, we support significant flexibility in regards to working from home and working hours.
Weekly team events, such as team lunches, team dinners, team board games and Dota playing sessions; these are not obligatory in any sense, but this is what we like to do
On top of competitive base pay, we offer substantial performance based bonuses
We offer standard perks too, like pension, private health insurance, free food and office gym, but that’s probably not the right reason to join us
We offer UK work permits and help with relocation
Write to us if you
Write us a short, honest, and direct message if you’d like to apply.
Tell us about why you are interested in C++ development at Wintermute.
Do not send us generic copy paste applications, we are looking for authentic people who share our interests, values and ambitions!
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/wintermute-c-trading-platform-developer/
--------------------------
Title: Business Development & Partnerships
Description: About Bebop
Bebop is a decentralized trading platform that aims to deliver a step-change user experience to trading on DeFi.
We believe that DeFi is the future of finance facilitating true innovation, economic freedom and the ability to create the best financial products. At Bebop, we are on a mission to make superior trading products with efficient execution available to anyone. We will be driven by the best practices of user experience with user-centric design at the heart of everything we do, making products fun and easy to use. And we will work relentlessly and leverage our deepest expertise to become a leader in the industry.
Bebop was born and incubated at Wintermute, one of the largest trading companies in crypto and a leading liquidity powerhouse in DeFi. 
Learn more about bebop at bebop.xyz, Twitter, Discord and Medium.
Business Development and Partnerships at Bebop
You will be responsible for growing Bebop in the B2B space to become one of the leading decentralized trading platforms. You will devise the strategy and make it happen by utilising your best business sense, persuasion skills, and knowledge of web3 space creativity. You will work in a small dynamic team of developers, product, community and design professionals.
Responsibilities
Develop and execute a business development strategy to drive partnerships and growth for Bebop
Build relationships with key stakeholders in the DeFi and crypto communities, including investors, partners, and B2B clients, to ensure successful collaboration and business growth.
Identify and evaluate potential partnership opportunities, and negotiate agreements and contracts to ensure the best possible terms for Bebop.
Collaborate with the marketing and product teams to develop go-to-market strategies and ensure successful product features launches.
Conduct market research and competitive analysis to identify industry trends and opportunities, to inform business decisions. This includes collecting customer feedback, testing product features, launch plans, etc
Represent Bebop at conferences, events, and other industry gatherings to drive brand awareness
Requirements
Strong experience in business development, partnerships, or growth function within a high-performing firm.
Track record of creating a tangible impact on key metrics, and be ready to give examples
Experience working for a DeFi protocol is an advantage.
Understanding of DeFi protocols, Trading, and the cryptocurrency industry is a strong advantage; willingness, aptitude and curiosity to understand the fundamentals of blockchain technologies and DeFi trading
Experience with a wide range of growth/business development topics; you don’t need to have experience with all, but should be able to figure any out
Experience negotiating and managing partnership agreements and contracts.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build and maintain relationships with clients and partners.
Excellent problem-solving skills - you should be able to think through solutions from first principles and find solutions
Excellent organizational skills - you are known for tracking tasks (big and small), making sure nothing falls between the cracks and everyone is informed
Entrepreneur/ownership mentality - thinking big, taking calculated risks, driven by market feedback, willingness to work extended hours and do whatever it takes
Bebop Offer
A unique opportunity to work on a startup from zero to one with all the impact of early employees, while having reliable backing (financial, technological and business expertise) from one of the industry’s top players
An amazing culture, defined as ambitious, knowledgeable and fun
Work flexibility: we are open to candidates globally
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/bebop-business-development-partnerships/
--------------------------
Title: Product Director, Institutional Trading
Description: About Wintermute
At Wintermute, our mission is to enable, empower and advance the truly decentralized world for more transparent and efficient markets and products. We do this by providing liquidity algorithmically across most trading venues in crypto, supporting all major centralized and decentralized trading venues, AMMs, RFQs, aggregators and chains. Wintermute’s customer-facing business includes various OTC products such as electronic trading API and single-dealer platforms for a wide range of counterparties from crypto native whales to large traditional finance institutions. Wintermute is also providing market-making services for blockchain projects where we support most of the world’s largest and most prominent launches. In addition to providing the best in class liquidity products, Wintermute is actively participating in the building and development of the blockchain ecosystem through investments from Wintermute Ventures, partnerships and co-development with upcoming protocols and incubation of its own projects.
Wintermute is a hyper-growth highly profitable business with a very ambitious vision and roadmap. We manage billions of dollars in assets and trade more than $5B/day. We are backed by Lightspeed, Pantera Capital, Sino Global Capital, Blockchain.com Ventures, Avon Ventures by Fidelity Investments, DeFi Alliance and other top tier investors. We are run as a technology company, not a financial service provider, and we build our culture around core values of ambition, collaboration, entrepreneurship, transparency and meritocracy.
Product Management at Wintermute
We are looking for a Product Director to drive our financial OTC products offering and trading capabilities for crypto native and traditional institutional counterparties. You will be responsible for managing and driving growth for Wintermute OTC offering across various electronic and voice trading products. You will be responsible for all commercial aspects of the business from roadmap definition to roadmap execution, to PnL responsibility. You will work cross-functionally and cooperate closely with trading, operations, business development, and marketing.
Responsibilities
Product Strategy & Delivery
Develop the roadmap for electronic trading products (single-dealer platform, institutional API solutions) as well as for voice trading (derivatives, tailored products, etc) 
Manage the execution of the product roadmap which involves managing cross-functional teams, external service providers, as well as being very hands on 
Manage the implementation of new products, functionality and features within strict and short timelines
Work closely with software developers teams and traders and be able to understand and drive both technical and financial product requirements
Go To Market
Drive the definition of Go-to-Market strategy in cooperation with the COO and other relevant teams based on a deep understanding of the market, competitive landscape, counterparty needs, product and implementation feasibility
Develop new product launch plans including market research, go-to-market, regulatory and technology aspects
Detail product benefits and features and brief marketing on the correct positioning of the products 
Develop strategic partnerships and maintain relationships with key counterparties and partners 
Commercial ownership
Be ultimately responsible for the PnL of the business 
Drive both short-term operational and longer-term strategic initiatives to drive growth and profitability across various products and trading counterparties
Requirements
Experience in and deep knowledge of electronic trading products in financial services or crypto
Specific experience in electronic trading platforms (e.g. eFX), OTC trading and derivative instruments is a significant advantage
Product management or business management experience in the financial services industry or relevant advisory firms
Solid understanding of transactions lifecycle, incl position management, clearing, margin/collateral management, P&L accounting, etc.
Good understanding of financial market ecosystem players, their product needs, incentives and constraints
Degree in Economics, Finance, Mathematics, Business or equivalent experience
Strong existing network in institutional finance; personal or professional interest in crypto is an advantage
Experience starting new initiatives from scratch and seeing them through to delivery
Loves working both with data and with people
Fast learner who takes initiative; ownership mentality / no job is too small attitude
Structured approach, good judgment of priorities, focus on getting things done and continuous incremental delivery
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/wintermute-product-director-institutional-trading/
--------------------------
Title: Junior Software Developer (AI, Blockchain)
Description: Who We Are
We’re ElevenYellow, a software laboratory for high risk/high reward ideas. We believe in a different way of work and play. We’re a software development studio that’s been launching dozens of SaaS products 100% remotely, from social media to AI art, since 2013.
The “we” is a team of 30+ people scattered across 15 countries, from Singapore to Chile, passing through Amsterdam. Most of us are based in Spain and Portugal though.
We are capitalists about how we make money and collectivists about what to do with it. When something works, most of the resources are used to keep everything afloat.
Most people that joined ElevenYellow have never left.
Who We Are Looking For
We’re looking for junior developer(s) who want to keep learning and building interesting new projects with the latest technologies with us.
The ideal profile we are looking for is someone who can present their own extracurricular tech projects.
How We Work
We create bootstrapped software that operates in areas with more risk than average, using as little resources as possible.
We never use external capital, so our resources are always at play. This forces us to be scrappy and smart about what we build and how we build it.
We don’t like to play by Silicon Valley’s rules - we like the kind of businesses that no one has heard of, that don’t raise mega rounds and don’t make noise.
We look for outsized returns in areas where most players would be cautious to invest in. Our most recent project is Botto.com, a decentralized autonomous artist.
ElevenYellow Games
Every six months we have our Winter or Summer games - a hackathon where all the company gets together to build quick 1-week projects. In our last hackathon we’ve built 6 new projects amongst which are:
Morelli.ai: a tool that checks images if they are human made or AI-generated
Whop.ai: tweet generator that optimizes tweets for engagement
Viewing.co: an automated and AI-powered content network
We support our way of living and working by collaborating with places such as Anceu Coliving in Galicia, Spain.
All members of ElevenYellow have a possibility to spend a month in Anceu or in our clubhouse in Lisbon. Most of our team met up in these two places to build the hackathon projects.
Our tech & day-to-day work
We like working with Javascript, Typescript, MySQL, MongoDB and Redis
We use frameworks like Meteor.js and Next.js where we feel comfortable, but we are always open to trying new technologies.
We predominantly communicate over Slack, making little use of email internally. Github is our repo of choice and we track progress via weekly calls that last approximately 20 minutes.
We encourage discussion and debate, but place tremendous value on pragmatism and optimizing for output.
You are a great fit if:
You are a talented, motivated person, interested in Blockchain, AI, and the newest technologies in general
You have explored new technologies and built projects of your own while studying
You take ownership of your work
You have creative problem solving skills with analytical mindset
Our perks
Work Remotely
Annual Retreats
Competitive Salary (remuneration depends on experience. Generally speaking, we pay juniors $1800-$2500/month)
Coworking (monthly, up to $200)
Health Insurance Coverage (monthly, up to $200)
Self Improvement Budget (monthly, up to $80)
Gym Membership (Monthly, up to $80)
Now, here’s what you need to do:
Send an email to enter@elevenyellow.com
Mention why you think you’re a good fit for us
Describe your academic/work highlights (highs and lows, best/worst projects, etc)
Add your portfolio / things that you think define your work
LinkedIn / CV stuff if you think it’s necessary
We believe applications should be human and conversational. We’d mostly appreciate it if you told us who you were and what you wanted to do in life, both personally and professionally. Of course, please only disclose what you’re comfortable with. And not to forget! We’re an equal opportunity employer and we encourage everyone to apply. We respect genders, ethnicities, boundaries, friendships, and the human aspect of work.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/elevenyellow-junior-software-developer-ai-blockchain/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Product Designer
Description: WalletConnect is the web3 standard to connect blockchain wallets to dapps. Starting in 2018, our mission is to make web3 accessible to everyone. Every month, millions of people use WalletConnect in thousands of integrations. We have raised over $25M and are looking for a product designer to help us reach the next 100M users.
The role:
At WalletConnect we’re looking for a product designer to lead the team crafting our products Web3Inbox, Web3Modal, and Web3Wallet. This is a unique opportunity to land a job where both your input and output are critical in shaping the product, its visual language and product design culture. You will be responsible for developing and executing design strategies, creating user interfaces, and overseeing the design process from concept to launch. You will work closely with the product, engineering, and marketing teams to ensure that our products meet our high standards.
Requirements
The right candidate:
Have an online portfolio of product design work that illustrates their critical thinking, craftsmanship, experience and style
Conceptualize and illustrate project briefs from multiple stakeholders: marketing, product, engineering
Display excellence in typography, color, layout, art direction and graphic design
You thrive in a remote-first work culture. Ability to manage your own work
Comfortable working with an engineering-focused org
You went down the web3 rabbit hole and actively participate in the space and ecosystem. Knowing the ins and outs of web3 is essential
Analyze and create vibes
Proficient in English across written and verbal communication. You will be required to think and work with copy
Nice to haves:
Enjoy designing for technical content and audience
Experienced or willing to learn 3D. We use 3D as the main building block of all visual communication and you will be expected to build upon that foundation
Experience in motion design work
Understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, browsers, and mobile devices
Benefits
Fully remote position with quarterly team off-sites and budget for your home office or work environment
Ability to travel and join other team members during ETH Global events
Competitive Salary
Company Equity
Token offering
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/walletconnect-senior-product-designer/
--------------------------
Title: Blockchain Developer
Description: Offchain Labs is building a suite of scaling solutions for Ethereum. This includes Arbitrum, an Optimistic Rollup, that instantly scales apps, reducing costs and increasing capacity, without sacrificing Ethereum’s security. Porting contracts to Arbitrum requires no code changes or downloads since it’s compatible with existing Ethereum developer languages and tooling.
Our team is extremely passionate and works tirelessly to bridge the gap between what blockchain is and what blockchain can be. We strive to maintain an atmosphere that fosters innovation and new ideas through collaboration, research, and deep discussions. After raising an initial round of $3.8M in seed funding in January 2019 and a $20M series A, as well as a $100M series B in 2021, we are ready to hire additional team members that have an interest in working in the blockchain space and a knack for approaching problems in unconventional ways.
Who you are:
Great understanding of blockchain development on the Ethereum Network
Experience with solidity and other Web3 related technologies
Possess a strong sense of ownership in your work, which drives you to find ways to do things better and faster
Always up-to-speed on the latest technologies
Constantly on the lookout for new and innovative ways to solve complex problems through rigorous experimentation
Your communication style is open, transparent, and direct, and you consistently work in tight collaboration with your teammates
Always open to feedback, new ideas, and opportunities for self-improvement
You look for ways to help out beyond the scope of your day-to-day work
What you’ve done:
Have dabbled in, educated yourself on, or are experienced working on blockchain technology
Eager to bring cutting-edge research to the real world and help build a platform for the next generation of cryptocurrency applications
Security-minded and always keeping an eye out for potential threats and vulnerabilities in your code
Mastered CS fundamentals, either in a formal university program or through self-learning
We understand it takes a diverse team of highly intelligent, passionate, curious, and creative people to solve the challenges involved in developing and improving Arbitrum. Our dynamic team has incredible perspectives to share, just as we know you do. We take great pride in being an equal opportunity workplace.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/offchain-labs-blockchain-developer/
--------------------------
Title: Golang Engineer
Description: Offchain Labs is building a suite of scaling solutions for Ethereum. This includes Arbitrum, an Optimistic Rollup, that instantly scales apps, reducing costs and increasing capacity, without sacrificing Ethereum’s security. Porting contracts to Arbitrum requires no code changes or downloads since it’s compatible with existing Ethereum developer languages and tooling.
Our team is extremely passionate and works tirelessly to bridge the gap between what blockchain is and what blockchain can be. We strive to maintain an atmosphere that fosters innovation and new ideas through collaboration, research, and deep discussions. After raising an initial round of $3.8M in seed funding in January 2019 and a $20M series A, as well as a $100M series B in 2021, we are ready to hire additional team members that have an interest in working in the blockchain space and a knack for approaching problems in unconventional ways.
Who you are:
Possess extensive production experience with Golang
Excited to learn and develop blockchain technology (No experience yet? No problem!)
Experienced with compiler construction and architecture, and security engineering on large-scale systems is a plus
Possess a strong sense of ownership in your work, which drives you to find ways to do things better and faster
Always up-to-speed on the latest technologies
Constantly on the lookout for new and innovative ways to solve complex problems through rigorous experimentation
Your communication style is open, transparent, and direct, and you consistently work in tight collaboration with your teammates
Always open to feedback, new ideas, and opportunities for self-improvement
You look for ways to help out beyond the scope of your day-to-day work
What you’ve done:
Made significant contributions to the products you’ve worked on in your career
Have dabbled in, educated yourself on, or are experienced working on blockchain technology
Eager to bring cutting-edge research to the real world and help build a platform for the next generation of cryptocurrency applications
Experience working with compilers, architecting systems and developing SDKs
Security-minded and always keeping an eye out for potential threats and vulnerabilities in your code
Mastered CS fundamentals, either in a formal university program or through self-learning
We understand it takes a diverse team of highly intelligent, passionate, curious, and creative people to solve the challenges involved in developing and improving Arbitrum. Our dynamic team has incredible perspectives to share, just as we know you do, and we take great pride in being an equal opportunity workplace.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/offchain-labs-golang-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Customer Support
Description: What is Socket?
Socket is an interoperability protocol for secure & efficient data and asset transfers across chains. Socket is not a bridge, or a cross chain app - it is an infrastructure that allows developers to build these things easily. Developers can use Socket to build apps with interoperability as a core part of app infrastructure.
Every approach to interoperability optimises for different objectives & trade offs (trust, latency, generalizability etc.). No one approach is best for every type of use case. Our goal is to empower developers to optimise for their use case & objectives
Socket’s interoperability stack comprises two key components:
Socket Liquidity Layer (referred to as SocketLL)
SocketLL enables efficient asset transfer across chains. It unifies liquidity across bridges & DEXs, and routes funds via them based on user preferences like fees, speed or security.
Socket Data Layer (referred to as SocketDL)
SocketDL enables secure data transfer across chains. It unifies chains by connecting all smart contracts on all chains, allowing them to perform read & write operations on each other. Data transfer via SocketDL will be rolled out soon
About the Role (Job Description)
We are looking for enthusiastic Customer Engagement Support members to join our team.
You are responsible for working with customers and clients as a trusted representative of the team. You will often be the first point of contact for our customers and clients, and you will answer their questions and queries, help them solve challenges, and ensure all of their concerns are answered on time. We are a growing company, which means that you will get a large amount of responsibility and have the opportunity to play a pivotal role in the company’s success.
What will you do? (Job responsibilities)
Engaging with users and clients to resolve issues that come through email, telegram, and the Discord channel in a timely and accurate way
Crafting well-written, tailored communications to help users and clients resolve their issues.
Partner with product and engineering to diagnose and solve problems.
Serve as a trusted representative with an open, caring, and approachable style of working.
Collaborate daily with internal teams to resolve concerns effectively.
Create organised and valuable feedback for our engineering, product, and other teams.
The tools you work with include Google Suite, Slack, and Telegram. Of course, you will receive comprehensive training.
About you?
You must be able to work independently with minimum supervision and be flexible as to working arrangements and hours.
Experience in customer relations is preferred.
The ability to handle requests and inquiries is essential.
Excellent written communication skills
Passionate about the cryptocurrency and blockchain world
Detail-oriented security and privacy focus
Benefits: What do we offer you?
Flexible working hours, location, and an async work environment
A fun and creative team to be on with a culture of transparency
Unlimited PTO with a minimum requirement of 8 days off annually
We offer competitive salaries and equity options
Additional Perks:
Company Issued laptop
Home Office Set Up Allowance
Health benefit Programs
Learning Opportunities
Annual company offsites
Diversity
Socket is a remote-first company, with our work culture and company policies centred around remote work.
We encourage members from all ethnic, gender, sexual, age, and abilities groups to apply and be part of our team. Socket does not discriminate on the basis of race, colour, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status.
At Socket, we’re looking for highly adaptable individuals with passion and ownership of their roles. Even if your experience doesn’t match the entirety of the description, we recommend you try and apply for this position, we would love to know you and your experience
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/customer-support/socket-customer-support/
--------------------------
Title: Product Designer (Senior UI/UX)
Description: Join one of the best and most evolving industries of all time, the Decentralized Finance space, also known as DeFi. Our team at De.Fi are experts that specialize in security tools and carry a wealth of experience in developing the most advanced asset management dashboard.
We are looking for a talented Product Designer that had experience executing projects from conception to production.
Requirements:
3+ years of consumer design experience,
a strong portfolio of completed design projects,
experience to own the whole design process from solving complex UX problems down to drawing a beautiful UI,
to be comfortable with change and ambiguity and thrive working autonomously,
Fluency in commonly used design software and related tools,
Rapidly produce multiple concepts and prototypes,
English level — Upper-Intermediate or higher.
It will be a plus:
Previous experience working at high-growth startups,
Previous experience working with dashboard and finance products.
We offer:
An open, transparent, and fun work culture,
Career and professional growth,
Fully remote work.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/de-fi-product-designer-senior-ui-ux/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Backend Engineer
Description: About Coinshift
Coinshift is a leading non-custodial treasury management platform built on top of Gnosis safe. We provide a smart and sophisticated user experience application to manage treasury ops in an efficient manner.
Our mission is to build the most sophisticated multi-chain crypto treasury management platform for DAOs & companies.
Since launching the MVP in June 2021, we’ve seen crazy traction from having nearly $150M+ in processed payments to having a billion dollars in assets under management. We now serve thousands of users across three continents and over 10 different countries. And we’re just getting started.
The development of Coinshift v2 is underway and we are currently looking for a full-time backend engineer with strong skills in backend and web3 technologies.
What will you achieve:
You’ll work with the core team to build new product features from start to finish: through conception, research, implementation, and maintenance.
You’ll participate in backend architecture decisions and guide team members in technical knowledge with best practices.
You’ll implement state of the art multi-chain web3 user experiences and actively learn about the latest developments in web3.
What skills do you bring:
Experienced leader: You have worked at product based companies for more than 6 years including more than 2 years in web3 organisations, have participated in architecture design and deployment pipeline. You have worked with backend teams where you lead the team to achieve fast iterations and high code quality.
Familiarity with backend technologies: You’re well versed with AWS technologies, Javascript, Node.js, MySQL.
Familiarity with web3 technologies: You’re well versed with web3js/ethersjs and understand ethereum blockchain and it’s tool stack, such as Metamask
Thoughtful problem-solving: You have the ability to break down a problem until you get a clear and accurate understanding of the context.
Navigating ambiguity in design: You can translate high level designs into production-ready systems. Given clear requirements, you are comfortable making judgments and tradeoffs in the user experience on your own.
Put users first: You think critically about the implications of what you’re building, and how it impacts real people’s lives.
Empathetic communication: You communicate ideas clearly in plain english. In disagreements, you listen to other perspectives and compromise when needed.
Team player: You enjoy collaborating cross-functionally to accomplish shared goals, and you care about learning, growing, and helping others to do the same.
Nice to Haves:
You’re proficient with technologies that are part of our stack, including Express, Datadog.
You participate in open source projects and web3 hackathons, or write about web3 technology.
You have experience in backend integration testing and in debugging performance issues.
Perks & Benefits
💻 Equipment Stipend
Unleash your productivity and creativity with our unbeatable remote office setup package - a generous equipment stipend to ensure you have everything you need to work comfortably and effectively.
⌛ Flexible Time Off
At Coinshift, we believe in the power of taking time to recharge and rejuvenate. That’s why we offer unlimited time off to all team members, with the average taking a refreshing 4-6 weeks.
💰 Get Paid in Real Time, in Crypto
Want to be at the forefront of the Web3 revolution? Join our team and get the option to be paid in Crypto - with our partnership with SuperFluid, you’ll have access to real-time salary streaming.
💼 Coworking Space Coverage
We’ll cover the expenses if you choose to work at a coworking space. Allowing you to work in a professional and productive environment while keeping your work-life balance intact.
🏄 Annual Retreats
And, once a year, we’ll whisk you away to an amazing destination for our annual team retreat, where you’ll collaborate, bond, and make unforgettable memories!
As an organization that celebrates diversity and inclusivity, we welcome candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Even if you don’t meet all the qualifications, we still want to hear from you!
As a member of our team, you’ll have the flexibility to choose how you get paid - fiat payments made monthly or, if you’re feeling more adventurous, real-time streaming of your salary in Crypto.
We look forward to your application!
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/coinshift-senior-backend-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Platforms Engineer
Description: About Coinshift
Coinshift is a leading non-custodial treasury management platform built on top of Gnosis safe. We provide a smart and sophisticated user experience application to manage treasury ops in an efficient manner.
Our mission is to build the most sophisticated multi-chain crypto treasury management platform for DAOs & companies.
Since launching the MVP in June 2021, we’ve seen crazy traction from having nearly $150M+ in processed payments to having a billion dollars in assets under management. We now serve thousands of users across three continents and over 10 different countries. And we’re just getting started.
💻 Platforms Engineer at Coinshift
We are seeking a seasoned Platforms Engineer to join our team as we approach the open beta timeline of Coinshift V2 and focus on improving our product’s user experience and stability for the next wave of users. The ideal candidate will help transition our existing infrastructure to robust and scalable systems and work with the core team on building new product features and platforms from start to finish.
Key Responsibilities
Work with the core team on building new product features and platforms from start to finish: through conception, research, implementation, and maintenance.
Drive technical knowledge and guide team members in implementing state-of-the-art multi-chain web3 user experiences.
Collaborate with the team to make informed decisions on architecture design and deployment pipeline, leveraging your expertise in AWS technologies.
Engage in thoughtful problem-solving and navigate ambiguity in design, translating high-level designs into production-ready systems.
Put users first by considering the implications of your work and how it impacts real people’s lives.
Required Skills
6+ years of experience in product-based companies, with 2+ years in web3 organizations
Strong expertise in programming languages: Java, Go, and popular databases such as MySQL, and AWS.
Strong understanding of web3 technologies, such as web3js/ethersjs, Ethereum blockchain, and its tool stack (e.g. Metamask).
Demonstrated skill in analyzing complex issues, handling design uncertainties, and making well-informed compromises.
Strong empathetic communication skills, able to effectively collaborate and navigate differing perspectives and potential disagreements across teams.
Passion for web3 is a must.
Nice to Haves
Experience in backend integration testing and debugging performance issues.
Knowledge of Kubernetes.
Perks & Benefits
💻 Equipment Stipend
Unleash your productivity and creativity with our unbeatable remote office setup package - a generous equipment stipend to ensure you have everything you need to work comfortably and effectively.
⌛ Flexible Time Off
At Coinshift, we believe in the power of taking time to recharge and rejuvenate. That’s why we offer unlimited time off to all team members, with the average taking a refreshing 4-6 weeks.
💰 Get Paid in Real Time, in Crypto
Want to be at the forefront of the Web3 revolution? Join our team and get the option to be paid in Crypto - with our partnership with SuperFluid, you’ll have access to real-time salary streaming.
💼 Coworking Space Coverage
We’ll cover the expenses if you choose to work at a coworking space. Allowing you to work in a professional and productive environment while keeping your work-life balance intact.
🏄 Annual Retreats
And, once a year, we’ll whisk you away to an amazing destination for our annual team retreat, where you’ll collaborate, bond, and make unforgettable memories!
As an organization that celebrates diversity and inclusivity, we welcome candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Even if you don’t meet all the qualifications, we still want to hear from you!
As a member of our team, you’ll have the flexibility to choose how you get paid - fiat payments made monthly or, if you’re feeling more adventurous, real-time streaming of your salary in Crypto.
We look forward to your application!
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/coinshift-platforms-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Test Automation Engineer
Description: About Coinshift
Coinshift is a leading non-custodial treasury management platform built on top of Gnosis safe. We provide a smart and sophisticated user experience application to manage treasury ops in an efficient manner.
Our mission is to build the most sophisticated multi-chain crypto treasury management platform for DAOs & companies.
Since launching the MVP in June 2021, we’ve seen crazy traction from having nearly $150M+ in processed payments to having a billion dollars in assets under management. We now serve thousands of users across three continents and over 10 different countries. And we’re just getting started.
💻 Test Automation Engineer at Coinshift
We’re seeking a skilled Test Automation Engineer to join our team in improving the stability and user experience of Coinshift V2. This is an opportunity to accelerate delivery, enhance product quality, and help us prepare for the next wave of users.
Key Responsibilities
Work with the core tech team to build and analyze testing frameworks and tools that ensure product quality.
Develop automated testing strategies for the front-end, backend, and production systems to ensure system stability.
Own and guide the tech team on testing best practices and integrate them into the core SDLC process.
Commit code to the stage, test features, and ensure changes don’t impact existing systems.
Smoke testing production daily and promptly addressing any crashes.
Have startup experience and be able to set up systems for end-to-end testing.
Required Skills
6+ years of experience at fast-moving product-based companies, with a track record of building test automation frameworks and pipelines.
Proficient in Selenium or similar backend API testing frameworks such as Postman, JMeter, or those that can be integrated into CI/CD.
Knowledgeable about the web3 ecosystem, Ethereum blockchain, and its tool stack (e.g., Metamask).
Ability to break down complex problems and find efficient solutions while understanding tradeoffs.
Strong empathetic communication skills, able to effectively collaborate and navigate differing perspectives and potential disagreements across teams.
Passion for web3 is a must.
Perks & Benefits
💻 Equipment Stipend
Unleash your productivity and creativity with our unbeatable remote office setup package - a generous equipment stipend to ensure you have everything you need to work comfortably and effectively.
⌛ Flexible Time Off
At Coinshift, we believe in the power of taking time to recharge and rejuvenate. That’s why we offer unlimited time off to all team members, with the average taking a refreshing 4-6 weeks.
💰 Get Paid in Real Time, in Crypto
Want to be at the forefront of the Web3 revolution? Join our team and get the option to be paid in Crypto - with our partnership with SuperFluid, you’ll have access to real-time salary streaming.
💼 Coworking Space Coverage
We’ll cover the expenses if you choose to work at a coworking space. Allowing you to work in a professional and productive environment while keeping your work-life balance intact.
🏄 Annual Retreats
And, once a year, we’ll whisk you away to an amazing destination for our annual team retreat, where you’ll collaborate, bond, and make unforgettable memories!
As an organization that celebrates diversity and inclusivity, we welcome candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Even if you don’t meet all the qualifications, we still want to hear from you!
As a member of our team, you’ll have the flexibility to choose how you get paid - fiat payments made monthly or, if you’re feeling more adventurous, real-time streaming of your salary in Crypto.
We look forward to your application!
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/coinshift-test-automation-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Facility Manager
Description: As one of the world’s largest high performance computing (HPC) data centers, North Country Colocation Services relies on a talented and committed workforce that is energized by solving large-scale challenges. We’re currently seeking a Facility Manager to oversee the production, maintenance, and expansion functions of our almost 1 million square foot Massena, NY facility.
This professional multitasker will oversee all day-to-day functions of the facility, including electrical, operational, mechanical and other areas, encompassing nearly 100 full-time employees across multiple shifts covering 24/7 operations. The Facility Manager will coordinate the facility’s operational processes to meet and exceed customer expectations, company objectives, and employee needs. The ideal candidate will be exceptionally team-driven with a proven record of excellent leadership experience and will serve as liaison between facility workers and upper management. This person must be dedicated to achieving operational excellence and have a genuine interest in helping the company succeed.
Supervisory Responsibilities: The Facility Manager directly supervises all Operations, Electrical, and Mechanical teams.
Duties/Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Create, communicate, and coordinate plans affecting facility performance
Collaborate with management and employees to create a safe, OSHA-compliant facility
Define and audit expectations of current goals
Follow-up to verify daily tasks and projects are being completed properly, efficiently and according to plan/schedule
Help to establish and foster a cooperative, positive and respectful culture among employees
Communicate and escalate challenges
Train direct reports on company policies and procedures
Support managers in developing their employees
Complete performance evaluations with direct reports
Ensure all required documentation is completed in a timely and accurate manner
Work closely with Human Resources Team to address performance/disciplinary issues with facility personnel falling under Facility Manager’s responsibility
Manage materials replenishment, quality standards, and performance metrics in support of organizational goals and objectives
Manage cost structures for manufacturing by keeping operational expenses within budget allowance, and investigate cost-reduction measures
Create documentation protocols and ensure that all records of operations are properly maintained and reviewed
Other reasonable tasks as requested
Required Skills/Abilities:
Proven leadership ability
Sound interpersonal skills
Excellent analytical skills
Strong attention to detail
Ability to manage multiple priorities in a timely manner
Excellent decision-making ability
Experience with Conflict Resolution
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills
Proficiency with Microsoft Office products
Education and Experience:
Required:
5+ years of facility management experience in an industrial setting
Bachelor’s Degree or Higher in Operations Management, Business, Engineering, or related field
Preferred:
Experience with 13.8kv and/or 480v electrical systems, ideally at a larger scale
Experience creating/reading diagrams with AutoCAD, Scrum/Agile experience
Compensation:
Salary: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Performance-Based Bonus
Benefits
Generous Benefits Package including medical, dental, vision, 401K, and more!
Physical Requirements:
Prolonged periods of standing, walking, sitting, and/or kneeling
Prolonged periods of screen exposure
Lifting up to 50lbs.
Working in the elements
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/north-country-colocation-services-facility-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Social Media Manager / Community Manager
Description: Overview
BlackPool Finance is looking for a Social Media Manager with outstanding copywriting skills, a gift for storytelling and a keen eye for design to strengthen our Marketing team. You will report into the Marketing Director.
We are seeking a highly motivated and creative individual to oversee our company’s social media strategy. You will be responsible for creating and executing social media content that aligns with our brand and business goals and have a strong ability to analyse what does well with our audience and what does not.
You will join a dynamic group of passionate people team with deep experience and commitment to setting the path in the Web3 space. If you are ready to bring all of your skills to bear and learn a whole lot, we want to talk to you!
Who we are?
BlackPool Finance is a decentralised fund for NFTs. We invest and play in the NFTs market. We manage a wide range of digital assets from sports cards to chess pieces. In our gaming vertical we are competitively playing and leading on Sorare (Fantasy Football) and Immortal (Chess). Our main focus is currently gaming, but we are exploring more verticals to add to our NFT fund, i.e. music.
BlackPool is made up of an ambitious group of industry experts, crypto veterans and community builders, passionate about democratising access to the competitive NFTs market, giving our community the opportunity to reap the rewards.
We are part of the Stake Capital Group, a venture fund with $1B+ AUM group run by a team of Blockchain and DeFi pioneers, focused on building the next generation companies in the web3 space.
Responsibilities
You will be responsible for:
Setting the content strategy on our active social platforms: Twitter, Youtube, TikTok and Discord.
Manage and create content that boosts BlackPool’s profile, driving engagement (likes, comments, shares) and increasing our followers.
Plan, deliver and schedule a consistent flow of engaging content across all channels.
Write strong and witty copy for our Twitter channel in line with our brand’s voice. Organise twitter spaces with our partners and interesting projects within our ecosystem.
Ideate content for Youtube and TikTok. Write captivating scripts that resonates with our target audience.
Pro-actively engage on Discord with our community, foster sticky relationships, providing regular updates, organising community events and fun activations to keep our audience excited about BlackPool.
Work with our in-house Studio to create static and video content that fits with our brand mission.
Monitor social media channels for engagement opportunities and respond to customer inquiries and comments in a timely manner.
Analyse data to draw conclusions about how our content is performing. Report and discuss results and improvements with Marketing Director.
Requirements
You are creative and a natural sharer. You have strong copywriting skills. You are able to write compelling copy for scripts, captions that go beyond solid grammar and spelling.
You have a thorough understanding of social media platforms, their strengths, weaknesses, user demographics (Twitter / YT/ TT/Discord)
You are on top of trends and hot topics in social media and see ways to apply it to NFTs and gamefi. You stay on the bleeding edge of the latest community platform trends, best practices and technologies
2-3 years experience working for a social media agency or in-house social media team or proven experience and results in social media.
Understanding and an interest in crypto markets, NFTs and gaming is a strong pré
Strong work ethic, proactive disposition and interpersonal skills
Comfortable working to short deadlines
Native or Fluent in English
This job is fully remote, you need to live in the European Timezone.
How to apply?
The ideal candidate is flexible, highly motivated and approachable. You are resilient and perfectly capable of speaking the truth at all times – even to those you report into. At BlackPool we believe success is a function of open and honest feedback in all directions.
You are kind and encouraging and willing to show up everyday playing to win and striving to be the best of the best.
BlackPool Finance is where you come make your wildest dreams a reality, not to disappear in the crowd. We are looking for standout players who are self-motivated and unflappable.
Please send your application to hr@stake.capital.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/blackpool-social-media-manager-community-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Platforms Engineer
Description: About Us
Chorus One is one of the leading operators of infrastructure for Proof-of-Stake networks and decentralized protocols. Tens of thousands of retail customers and institutions are staking billions in assets through our infrastructure helping to secure protocols and earn rewards. Our mission is to increase freedom and speed of innovation through decentralized technologies.
We are a diverse team of around 50 people distributed all over the globe. We value radical transparency, striving for excellence and improvement while treating each other with kindness and generosity. If this sounds like you, we’d love to hear from you.
Role
As a Platform Engineer, you must be able to work in an ambiguous environment with an optimistic attitude, that can easily (and happily) wear many hats. You are able to uphold our company’s principles and values while adding to our unique culture. As a member of our Team, you will broadly be responsible for working collaboratively with team members and partners across projects. The right person will be responsible for maintaining, scaling, and monitoring existing infrastructure, including cloud machines, bare-metal servers, and a Kubernetes cluster, to allow Chorus One to provide secure and reliable industry-leading Proof-of-Stake validation services. Leading with intellectual curiosity with a high standard of excellence as well as ensuring best practice across development, testing, and security.
## Responsibilities
Maintain, scale and monitor existing infrastructure, including bare metal servers, cloud machines, and a Kubernetes cluster, to allow Chorus One to provide secure and reliable industry-leading Proof-of-Stake validation services.
Institute monitoring and alerting systems for infrastructure. Enable other team members to attend to and troubleshoot problems as they arise.
Take all steps required to ensure maximum availability and uptime of maintained blockchain networks. This includes routine and emergent application updates, monitoring of systems, timely response to alerts and on-call phone calls, as well as rapid response to mitigate site outages.
Develop software related to blockchain data extraction or interchain communication, on an as-needed basis.
Reason about and improve the security properties of infrastructure. Secure key management, server hardening, and intrusion detection are important themes.
What we are looking for
Strong Linux skills, including a deep understanding of the kernel and userspace.
Strong networking skills, including a deep understanding of routing, forwarding, and load-balancing.
Has prior experience with a range of orchestration and configuration management tools. We use Kubernetes, Ansible, Terraform and Salt.
Is able to develop tooling, and monitoring solutions where none exist and can debug unreliable software - many of the projects we run are of alpha quality.
Possesses good knowledge of security as it relates to bare metal and cloud-based infrastructure.
We expect candidates to know one programming language, in addition to Bash. Popularly used languages in Chorus One are Python, Golang and Rust.
Is able to work independently, with a high level of ambiguity and undefined requirements.
Bachelor’s or advanced degree in Computer Science or a related subject is a plus, but not strictly needed.
You are able to work the following timezone: Switzerland +/- 6 hours.
Job Type: Full-time
Our Offer
Autonomy and ownership in a friendly and supportive work environment and the opportunity for rapid growth.
Competitive fixed compensation (USD 80k - 150k) + equity.
$80k – $150k USD + equity
All-expense paid quarterly team retreats at various destinations (Coronavirus permitting). Past retreats took place in Egypt, Serbia, Kenya, USA, South Korea, and Dubai.
Remote, but not alone. We are a strong global collaborative environment.
Remote working budget (Laptop, co-working space, etc)
Personal development budget
Gather experience and build your network in the vibrant crypto ecosystem.
Learn about state-of-the-art protocols that lay the foundation for an open, transparent, and programmable financial system.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/chorus-one-platforms-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Systems Engineer
Description: What you would do
Since we are a start-up and the fact that we put our employees first, you can always grow and peek beyond your role so that continuous personal development is guaranteed. That being said, as part of our Tech Team, you will mostly:
Ensure the continuous operation of blockchain networks
Perform routine and emergency updates as needed
Actively monitor the state of our systems
Respond promptly to alerts and on-call phone calls
Quickly mitigate site outages to minimize downtime
Develop further and optimize our work processes
Actively communicate and socialize with operators and the team through channels like Discord, Slack and Telegram
What we are looking for
While we are a crypto/blockchain company, previous experience in this field is very welcome, however not required. We hire talent and develop skill!
You have an exceptional drive and a very high level of initiative
You are highly flexible with an entrepreneurial mindset to solve problems
You have a strong background in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent work experience. A degree is a plus, but we value skills more than titles
You have strong Linux skills
You have experience with the whole networking stack and are able to set up firewalls and load-balancers
You have practical expertise with Docker and orchestration with Ansible and/or TerraForm
You are able to read and comprehend code in Rust or Golang
You are able to develop small tools in a programming language of your choice (preferably Golang, Rust or NodeJS)
You can design and critically think about the architecture of projects
You are fluent in English (German is a plus)
You may work from wherever you like, but are happy to travel once in a while to meet the team in person!
What we offer
A fun, friendly, and close-knit crew
Competitive salary
Flexible working arrangements
Support for furthering your self-development, skills, and career
An opportunity to work and learn alongside leading professionals, teams, and projects in a cutting-edge industry
Option to work remotely
Apply for this position
About Us
Staking Facilities has pioneered the staking space ever since its’ inception in 2017 - as one of the first validator companies in Europe.
As a web3 infrastructure and service provider our main business is operating highly secure, bare metal hardware for selective public blockchains and web3 protocols to run on.
We provide holders of Proof-of-Stake tokens with a smooth and seamless, non-custodial staking experience through education and customer support.
We fund and support early web3 startups through our own venture arm, Staking Facilities Ventures.
We are a diverse, fun-loving, international team of doers, tinkerers, and technology enthusiasts with an edge for the next evolution of the internet and a diverse set of backgrounds.
As an independent, bootstrapped company, we have the freedom to call our own shots and, first-and-foremost, put our team at the heart of our company and everything we do. While we are based in Munich, we are a remote-first company and our team spreads across the whole globe. As such, we regularly meet up at conferences or company retreats in order to closely knit the team together.
If you see yourself fit in our open position, we’d love to get to know you!
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/staking-facilities-senior-systems-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Front-End Developer - Blockchain, Crypto
Description: Clearmatics is a blockchain protocol engineering company that builds decentralised financial market infrastructures that are more open, efficient, and resilient than those serving legacy market structures of today.
We have a bold vision for this new market infrastructure - enabling market participants to solve currently unaddressed problems of the real economy, including “missing markets” problems. We aim to achieve our vision through technologies that allow peer-to-peer trading and settlement within new markets, and with digital assets whose values track real-world risk factors that currently have no suitable expression in legacy markets.
No matter the nature of a risk factor, whether macro-economic or climactic, our mission is to make important risk factors tradable; by anyone, anywhere, without reliance on financial intermediaries. We are building this new infrastructure in collaboration with incredible trading and blockchain communities.
Clearmatics was founded in 2015, and we have ever since been committed advocates of Open Source development, and active participants in the blockchain and cryptography research communities. We’ve been an active participant and supporter of decentralized infrastructure initiatives including Enterprise Ethereum Alliance.
We’re growing our team and are looking for a Senior Front-End Developer to join us and become part of our journey.
Our stack is Ethereum-like, so familiarity with – and passion for – the space is key.
Some of the areas we tackle include blockchain infrastructure optimized for financial use-cases, protocols for specific applications (such as smart contract-based derivatives, synthetic assets, cryptocurrency stabilization, …), scalability and privacy through cryptography (zkSNARKs, multiparty computation, private transactions/assets).
Responsibilities
You will have ownership of Front-End development.
This will involve designing, building, and maintaining key front-end resources including:
Prominent websites such as the company site and project-specific microsites
Web applications that enable decentralized market use cases on the blockchain
Data-rich interactive dashboards and visualisations that engage and inform
Documentation sites that end users rely on to build applications and services
Open-source blockchain web components and frameworks for end-users to integrate
Requirements
5+ years of commercial experience in web application development
Strong JavaScript programming skills (and ideally TypeScript)
An appreciation of UX and web design concepts
Experience working with SQL and GraphQL data sources
Good understanding of modern web application architecture
Experience with browser testing and debugging
Proficiency with Unix commandline tools and package management
Experience maintaining git repos and CI automation jobs
Excellent analytical and multitasking skills
A portfolio of your front-end work that you can demonstrate
Nice to have
We are especially interested in candidates with significant experience in developing:
Web apps built using decentralized web technologies
Dapps on Ethereum using Web3 JavaScript APIs
Visualisations for high-frequency time series data
Interactive API documentation browsers and generators
Financial market front-end applications
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/clearmatics-senior-front-end-developer-blockchain-crypto/
--------------------------
Title: Backend Engineer
Description: Chronicle Labs is funded by MakerDAO and is responsible for the development and adoption of the Chronicle Protocol.
We act as arbiters of truth that provide data with integrity guarantees to blockchain applications. Chronicle Oracles have been live since 2016 and secure the over $8B in MakerDAO as well as other top DeFi protocols.
What we are looking for
A mid-level, backend engineer, to work with our existing team members, on adding new assets and feeds into our oracle service, enhancing our protocol and integrating with external platforms and services. Ideally, you will have a solid understanding of microservices architecture, distributed systems, low-level code, and different API frameworks. We need someone who is highly comfortable with Go, takes a lot of autonomy in their work, as we are in a remote setting, and would like to be in the weeds of blockchain and the web3 universe.
Evolve the architecture of our data ecosystem as we scale the number of data sources interact with
Architect and design components/service layers to sustainably scale the number of blockchains/assets we support.
Write services to poll data from traditional APIs, WebSockets and on-chain sources
Evolve the architecture of our data ecosystem as we scale the amount of data sources we integrate with
Provide support for integrating partners making use of our oracle service
Own the data ingestion of data sources that power our oracle price feeds.
Job requirements
5+ years of professional software development
1+ years of Golang experience
Extensive background working with WebServices
Experience with test-driven development and the use of testing frameworks
Experience developing complex web applications/services and backend APIs
Knowledge of systems design concepts
Experience with distributed systems and/or container orchestration
Strong communication skills, specifically giving/receiving constructive feedback in a collaborative setting
B.S. or higher in computer science, software engineering or related technical field
You will stand out if
Have prior experience with blockchain technologies or oracles
Understand the Web3 technical stack
Have interacted with on-chain and off-chain data
You’ve built something incorporating ZK-SNARKS
Are eager to learn and apply yourself in a small and dynamic team
What we offer
An opportunity to work with veterans in the crypto space building on the bleeding-edge of technology. Working on supporting some of the largest initiatives in Web3.
Flexible payment options: USD / EUR / DAI
Cryptocurrency bonuses
6 weeks vacation
Remote working environment
Flexible schedule
Three offsites per year to meet up with the team
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/chronicle-labs-backend-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Community Marketing & Communications Strategist
Description: About Status
Status is building the tools and infrastructure for the advancement of a secure, private, and open web3. 
With the high level goals of preserving the right to privacy, mitigating the risk of censorship, and promoting economic trade in a transparent, open manner, Status is building a community where anyone is welcome to join and contribute.
As an organization, Status seeks to push the web3 ecosystem forward through research, creation of developer tools, and support of the open source community. 
As a product, Status is an open source, Ethereum-based app that gives users the power to chat, transact, and access a revolutionary world of DApps on the decentralized web. But Status is also building foundational infrastructure for the whole Ethereum ecosystem, including the Nimbus ETH 1.0 and 2.0 clients, the Keycard hardware wallet, and the Waku messaging protocol (a continuation of Whisper).
As a team, Status has been completely distributed since inception.  Our team is currently 150+ core contributors strong, and welcomes a growing number of community members from all walks of life, scattered all around the globe. 
We care deeply about open source, and our organizational structure has minimal hierarchy and no fixed work hours. We believe in working with a high degree of autonomy while supporting the organization’s priorities.
About Logos:
A group of Status Contributors are also involved in a new project, called Logos, and this particular role will enable you to also focus on this project. Logos is a grassroots movement to provide trust-minimised, corruption resistant governing services and social institutions to underserved citizens. 
Logos’ infrastructure will provide a base for the provisioning of the next-generation of governing services and social institutions - paving the way to economic opportunities to those who need them most, whilst respecting basic human rights through the network’s design.
You can read more about Logos in this small handbook for mindful readers like yourself.
About CommsHub:
We want to build a powerful and action-oriented movement of individuals and groups aimed at not just imagining a different future, but actively participating in shaping it.
The Communications team, known as CommsHub – an interdisciplinary team of technologists, designers, strategists, artists, campaigners, researchers, and communications specialists – is at the heart of these efforts. It is tasked with designing and delivering a purpose led, multilayered, and multifaceted Communications Strategy, consisting of many streams, aspects and features, and aimed at balancing our commercial and political priorities. 
To this end, our commercial communications—the marketing and communications of our business units and their work—should ensure clarity, purpose and character. Our political communications should be precise, accurate and exact, but also inspiring, motivating, impactful, and energetic.
CommsHub consists of seven units:
Technology and Design Studio
Project Management and Planning
Research and Insight (Audience Research)
Copywriting and Technical Documentation
Digital Content Studio
Movement Building and Campaign Activation
Public Relations and Media
The Role:
CommsHub seeks a results-oriented Community Marketing and Comms Strategist who will be positioned within the Movement Building and Campaign Activation unit.
Our commercial communication, the marketing and communications of our different teams and their work, should ensure clarity, purpose and character. Our political communications should be precise, accurate and exact, but also inspiring, motivating, impactful, and energetic.
What you bring:
You think strategically, continuously innovate, and have an intimate understanding of both conventional and emerging marketing strategies and channels. The organisation is made of a number of interconnected projects with different objectives, independent strategies & timelines. This role will include designing and delivering an org-wide strategy which includes the marketing and communications of our interconnected projects. 
In this role, you have primary responsibility for day-to-day commercial communications and will significantly contribute to our political communications efforts which will be co-led by other contributors. As such, you are expected to work with contributors across the organisation to design and execute our commercial communications plan. 
If you pride yourself on having excellent attention to detail, plus the ability to meticulously design and execute campaigns; this could be a great fit for you.
Key responsibilities:
Design and deliver a detailed, research-based organisation-wide commercial communications plan.
Proactively collaborate across multiple teams within the org to ensure successful delivery of the communications plan.
Own day-to-day responsibility for all of our commercial communications and marketing.
You ideally will have:
Minimum of 5 years experience in marketing, including experience in Web3 / blockchain. 
Experience in community engagement, marketing and communications.
Experience of successfully designing and delivering niche social media campaigns.
Ability to plan & execute events (both online and offline) targeting and attracting audiences in the Blockchain space.
Ability to deliver results with minimal guidance and comfortable working autonomously
Good understanding of the political climate and developments in the privacy, data & digital rights, and/or Blockchain space.
Ability to monitor, analyse and utilise performance data.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent organisation skills; with the ability to initiate, monitor, prioritise, and complete projects.
High degree of self-motivation & exceptional attention to detail.
Commitment and willingness to learn and grow.
Strong alignment to our Principles
Bonus points:
Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Business Administration, or a related field
Experience in political, campaigning, civil society, human rights organisations/NGOs.
Experience in Blockchain and peer-to-peer technology.
Experience working remotely and asynchronously
Experience working for an open source organisation or a politically aligned organisation to Status.
You identify with the Cypherpunk movement.
[Don’t worry if you don’t meet all of these criteria, we’d still love to hear from you anyway if you think you’d be a great fit for this role. Just explain to us why in your cover letter].
Compensation:
The expected compensation range for this role is $70,000 - $100,000 (negotiable, dependent on how we assess your skills and experience throughout our interview process. 
We are happy to pay in any mix of fiat/crypto.
Hiring process:
The hiring process for this role will be:
Interview with Pepper from our Talent team
Interview with Al, Communication & Activism Director, Comms Hub team
Interview with Ned, Creative Director, Comms Hub team
Interview with Santiago, Head Campaign Manager, Comms Hub team
The steps may change along the way if we see it makes sense to adapt the interview stages, so please consider the above as a guideline. 
Get to know us:
We care deeply about open source software, and our organizational structure does away with a strict hierarchy and fixed work hours. We believe in working with a high degree of autonomy while supporting the organisation’s priorities.
We are Remote and Decentralized.
We are 150+ employees spread across 30+ different countries
We are driven by shared principles and believe in complete transparency. That’s why everything we do is completely public to the entire community.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/status-community-marketing-communications-strategist/
--------------------------
Title: Digital Communications Lead
Description: About Status
Status is building the tools and infrastructure for the advancement of a secure, private, and open web3.
With the high level goals of preserving the right to privacy, mitigating the risk of censorship, and promoting economic trade in a transparent, open manner, Status is building a community where anyone is welcome to join and contribute.
As an organization, Status seeks to push the web3 ecosystem forward through research, creation of developer tools, and support of the open source community.
As a product, Status is an open source, Ethereum-based app that gives users the power to chat, transact, and access a revolutionary world of DApps on the decentralized web. But Status is also building foundational infrastructure for the whole Ethereum ecosystem, including the Nimbus ETH 1.0 and 2.0 clients, the Keycard hardware wallet, and the Waku messaging protocol (a continuation of Whisper).
As a team, Status has been completely distributed since inception.  Our team is currently 150+ core contributors strong, and welcomes a growing number of community members from all walks of life, scattered all around the globe. 
We care deeply about open source, and our organizational structure has minimal hierarchy and no fixed work hours. We believe in working with a high degree of autonomy while supporting the organization’s priorities.
About Logos:
A group of Status Contributors are also involved in a new project, called Logos, and this particular role will enable you to also focus on this project. Logos is a grassroots movement to provide trust-minimised, corruption resistant governing services and social institutions to underserved citizens. 
Logos’ infrastructure will provide a base for the provisioning of the next-generation of governing services and social institutions - paving the way to economic opportunities to those who need them most, whilst respecting basic human rights through the network’s design.
You can read more about Logos in this small handbook for mindful readers like yourself.
About CommsHub:
We want to build a powerful and action-oriented movement of individuals and groups aimed at not just imagining a different future, but actively participating in shaping it.
The Communications team, known as CommsHub – an interdisciplinary team of technologists, designers, strategists, artists, campaigners, researchers, and communications specialists – is at the heart of these efforts. It is tasked with designing and delivering a purpose led, multilayered, and multifaceted Communications Strategy, consisting of many streams, aspects and features, and aimed at balancing our commercial and political priorities. 
To this end, our commercial communications—the marketing and communications of our business units and their work—should ensure clarity, purpose and character. Our political communications should be precise, accurate and exact, but also inspiring, motivating, impactful, and energetic.
CommsHub consists of seven units:
Technology and Design Studio
Project Management and Planning
Research and Insight (Audience Research)
Copywriting and Technical Documentation
Digital Content Studio
Movement Building and Campaign Activation
Public Relations and Media
The Role:
CommsHub seeks a competent and qualified Digital Comms Lead to assist in the delivery of a compelling and impactful story. This role is positioned within the Movement Building and Campaign Activation unit. 
If you believe you’re able to successfully communicate a very complex message to a truly global audience, this could be a great opportunity. Building a strong, story-based narrative online is at the heart of our mission and this is an exciting opportunity for someone to help lay the foundation of what is to come.
What you bring:
You have the creativity and passion to assist in crafting our long term narrative, build engaged communities and showcase our pioneering technology. You grasp that our commercial communications—the marketing and communications of our business units and their work—should ensure clarity, purpose and character. You understand that political communications should be precise, accurate and exact, but also inspiring, motivating, impactful, and energetic.
In this role, you have primary responsibility for designing and delivering a digital communications plan aimed at achieving our diverse set of objectives. As such, you are expected to collaborate with contributors across the organisation to design and execute our commercial communications plan. 
Key responsibilities:
Develop ideas and initial plans for an overall digital comms plan in alignment with the overall movement building strategy and commercial communications priorities.
Work proactively and productively with key members of CommsHub and other stakeholders to ensure the disciplined delivery of the digital comms plan.
Owner for our social media channels.
Day-to-day responsibility for all of our online channels.
You ideally will have:
Minimum of 7 years experience in digital comms & marketing, including solid experience in Web3 / Blockchain.
Excellent written and verbal communications skills.
Experience in working for or with political, campaigning, civil society, human rights organisations/NGOs.
Deep experience in designing and delivering impactful digital comms campaigns.
Ability to monitor trends and identify creative opportunities that support campaign objectives.
Demonstrable experience of successfully using social media for campaigning, mobilisation, community engagement and/or fundraising.
Good understanding of the political climate and developments in the privacy, data and digital rights, and Blockchain space.
Ability to monitor and analyse performance data.
Excellent organisation skills; with the ability to initiate, monitor, prioritise, and complete projects.
High degree of self-motivation & exceptional attention to detail.
Able to work independently & as part of a team, under pressure & able to meet tight deadlines.
Commitment and willingness to learn and grow.
Strong alignment to our Principles
Bonus points:
Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Business Administration, or a related field
Experience working remotely and asynchronously
Experience in Blockchain and peer-to-peer technology.
Experience working for an open source organisation or a politically aligned organisation to Status.
You identify with the Cypherpunk movement.
[Don’t worry if you don’t meet all of these criteria, we’d still love to hear from you anyway if you think you’d be a great fit for this role. Just explain to us why in your cover letter].
Compensation:
The expected compensation range for this role is $70,000 - $100,000 (negotiable, dependent on how we assess your skills and experience throughout our interview process. 
We are happy to pay in any mix of fiat/crypto.
Hiring process:
The hiring process for this role will be:
Interview with Pepper from our Talent team
Interview with Al, Communication & Activism Director, Comms Hub team
Interview with Ned, Creative Director, Comms Hub team
Interview with Santiago, Head Campaign Manager, Comms Hub team
The steps may change along the way if we see it makes sense to adapt the interview stages, so please consider the above as a guideline. 
Get to know us:
We care deeply about open source software, and our organizational structure does away with a strict hierarchy and fixed work hours. We believe in working with a high degree of autonomy while supporting the organisation’s priorities.
We are Remote and Decentralized.
We are 150+ employees spread across 30+ different countries
We are driven by shared principles and believe in complete transparency. That’s why everything we do is completely public to the entire community.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/status-digital-communications-lead/
--------------------------
Title: DevOps Engineer
Description: Enjin is a blockchain tech company building products that make it easy for everyone to use next-generation non-fungible tokens (NFTs). We’re a globally distributed team of futurists and tinkerers building the most robust NFT ecosystem in the blockchain space — and we’re looking for an experienced DevOps Engineer to plan, build, test, and actively maintain new and existing infrastructure and tooling for which Enjin’s services will run on.
You will work closely with your fellow engineers in order to deliver an infrastructure that compliments the lifecycle of our products and services, this includes working in an Agile manner.
What you will do
Plan and implement the relevant infrastructure changes, in an Agile manner, to operate mission critical business applications in both a production and non-production environments;
Plan and design brand new infrastructure that’s secure, scalable and caters for our mission critical business applications.
Maintain the availability of existing mission critical business applications;
Automate the provisioning of new accounts and environments through Infrastructure As Code (“IAC”) such as Terraform and/or CloudFormation;
Work with Risk Management and Compliance teams to ensure applications are secure and recovery plans are in place;
Develop and maintain deployment pipelines;
Be able to troubleshoot, identify, and remediate problems in a manner that minimizes downtime for our customers;
Implement monitoring, logging, and metric telemetry systems;
Write documentation revolving around the infrastructure.
‍Who You Are
3+ years experience as a DevOps Engineer;
2+ years experience using Amazon Web Services (AWS)
2+ years experiencing designing, implementing and delivering infrastructure;
2+ years experience with IAC (such as Terraform);
1+ years experience with containerized applications (such as Docker) and their deployment (such as Kubernetes);
1+ years experience with VCS such as git.
1+ years experience with Substrate-based nodes. ‍
Preferred Qualifications
1+ years experience following Agile development practices;
Valid AWS Architect Certification;
Ability to design and write scripts for task automation;
Experience with writing GitHub Action workflows.
Experience using the Rust language.
Experience implementing security testing;
Experience with the ISO 27001 certification process.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/enjin-devops-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Technical Product Manager
Description: Do you self-identify as a great problem solver (not just a PM)?
Have you been honing your innovation craft for years yet yearning for more complex challenges?
Does the opportunity to play a key role in the launch of a software platform with massive impact (for millions or even billions of people) excite you?
If you’ve answered with 3 resounding yeses, then we want to meet you!
What We Expect
We are a cutting-edge web3 infrastructure scale-up project seeking a few very talented developers who are not just looking for a job but want to be challenged to accomplish great things in an exciting venture.
We are the veterans of many successful startups and will put you on the accelerated learning curve toward your future success.
You will be part of our Product Team to drive innovation in the space of Decentralised Cloud Storage and CDNs, Crypto wallets, NFT platforms, Marketplaces, and Analytics.
You will help develop, document, and execute a comprehensive plan to understand user needs, iterate on product scope and ensure the timely development of highly complex technical products.
About Cere Network
Cere Network is the decentralized data protocol powering the future of web3 with trustless content sharing and cloud data interactions between apps, users, AI/ML, and (NFT) assets. Cere is backed by the world’s largest institutions and projects, including Binance Labs, Republic Labs, and Polygon.
Our Ethos
We look for a few things across all hires we make at Cere, regardless of role or team: 
We seek teammates who will thrive in our fast-paced work environment, where we default to methodical, simulation-driven, fast development iterations and a first-principle thinking mindset.
We crave teammates with high standards and strong discipline, embracing a growth mindset to continuously learn and incrementally improve habits and processes.
We require contributors to have excellent communication skills (esp. written), for everything must be well organized and tracked in Notion, Slack, Wiki’s, etc. We want autonomous, goal-oriented individuals who embrace transparency and accountability. No one wants to micro-manage others.
We need good teammates who are generally cool people who want to be part of a great team & decentralized community where everyone truly helps and challenges each other to learn/grow by innovating together towards greater shared goals. Embracing the building of such a collaborative community is the only way we can sustain rapid innovation (and the only way to live/work, really).
Requirements:
5+ years in technical product management or technical product owner role, working closely with both businesses and developers in data-driven B2B/B2C initiatives and consumer-facing experience (preferably gaming, advertising, cloud, or data infrastructure)
Structured and organized written/verbal communication.
Highly motivated self-starter able to work with minimal supervision.
Ability to context-switch efficiently from understanding the user’s need to getting into the technical detail.
Strong stakeholder management skills and experience.
Best if you have successfully launched an app with a metrics-driven mindset.
Start-up experience in fast-paced environments working in agile, cross-functional teams.
Nice to have:
Web3 Product experience- Software development experience.
A bit more about our Multinational, High-Performance (and primarily remote) Team
Join a highly talented multicultural team that is based all over the world. We have offices in San Francisco, New York, Warsaw, Amsterdam, Berlin, and several locations in Asia. As stated above, we make remote working possible by embracing our ethos, yet many teams also travel to meet in person every 1-2 months. We all want high degrees of autonomy and flexibility to make life and work fun, but transparency, accountability/ownership are the requisites.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/cere-network-technical-product-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Full-Stack Engineer
Description: Do you self-identify as a great problem solver (not just a coder)?
Have you been honing your innovation craft for years yet yearning for more complex challenges?
Does the opportunity to play a key role in the launch of a software platform with massive impact (for millions or even billions of people) excite you?
If you’ve answered with 3 resounding yeses, then we want to meet you!
What We Expect
We are a cutting-edge web3 infrastructure scale-up project seeking a few very talented developers who are not just looking for a job but want to be challenged to accomplish great things in an exciting venture.
We are the veterans of many successful startups and will put you on the accelerated learning curve toward your future success.
This position requires a great understanding of customer-facing tools, UI prototypes for partners, internal tooling, and experience in data visualization challenges in analytics dashboards.You’ll be immediately challenged to take significant ownership of our front-end codebase and architecture. 
Once placed in a squad, you will design and develop Core components of our products on ReactJS and NodeJS. You will contribute to creating advanced, high-performance front-end and back-end blockchain and enterprise applications.
About Cere Network
Cere Network is the decentralized data protocol powering the future of web3 with trustless content sharing and cloud data interactions between apps, users, AI/ML, and (NFT) assets. Cere is backed by the world’s largest institutions and projects, including Binance Labs, Republic Labs, and Polygon.
Our Ethos
We look for a few things across all hires we make at Cere, regardless of role or team: 
We seek teammates who will thrive in our fast-paced work environment, where we default to methodical, simulation-driven, fast development iterations and a first-principle thinking mindset.
We crave teammates with high standards and strong discipline, embracing a growth mindset to continuously learn and incrementally improve habits and processes.
We require contributors to have excellent communication skills (esp. written), for everything must be well organized and tracked in Notion, Slack, Wiki’s, etc. We want autonomous, goal-oriented individuals who embrace transparency and accountability. No one wants to micro-manage others.
We need good teammates who are generally cool people who want to be part of a great team & decentralized community where everyone truly helps and challenges each other to learn/grow by innovating together towards greater shared goals. Embracing the building of such a collaborative community is the only way we can sustain rapid innovation (and the only way to live/work, really).
Requirements:
5+ years of software engineering experience.
3+ years experience in front-end development.
Have an understanding of basic data structures as well as algorithms and their complexities.
Proficiency in ReactJS and JavaScript/Typescript.
Maintain high code quality standards.
Test-Driven Development (TDD) along with applicable unit test coverage.
Backend server development experience with Node.js (NestJS).
Nice to have:
Experience in DDD (data-driven development).
A bit more about our Multinational, High-Performance (and primarily remote) Team
Join a highly talented multicultural team that is based all over the world. We have offices in San Francisco, New York, Warsaw, Amsterdam, Berlin, and several locations in Asia. As stated above, we make remote working possible by embracing our ethos, yet many teams also travel to meet in person every 1-2 months. We all want high degrees of autonomy and flexibility to make life and work fun, but transparency, accountability/ownership are the requisites.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/cere-network-senior-full-stack-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Smart Contract Engineer (Solidity)
Description: About prePO 🔮
prePO is an upcoming decentralized trading platform allowing anyone to gain synthetic exposure to any pre-IPO company or pre-token crypto project.
Our mission is to democratize pre-public investing - transforming a world of financial exclusion into a world of permissionless access. 🌎
The Dream Team 💫
At prePO, we are building a fully-remote, globally-distributed dream team. Like a professional sports team, we want every player on the field to be a superstar in their position and play extremely effectively with others.
We are also backed by world-class investors (>$4M in funding to date), including founders from Gnosis, 1inch, Illuvium, Zapper, and more!
Our Values 💝
At prePO, the following team values describe the people we want to work with (and the people you would want to work with too!):
Passion: being engaged and enthusiastic about the work, the mission, and making an effective impact on the world.
Autonomy: being proactive, resourceful, and making decisions in prePO’s best interest.
Overcommunication: sharing feedback and all relevant information - directly, frequently, clearly and empathetically.
High Performance: producing high-quality outcomes with speed and consistency, and continuously raising the bar for yourself and others.
Focus: being laser-focused on high-priority, high-impact tasks that work us towards achieving prePO’s mission.
Incrementalism: delivering value via incremental iterations.
Simplicity: seeking out the simplest solutions.
Innovation: embracing creativity, and leading the industry with forward-thinking ideas.
Decentralization: valuing solutions which are trustless, permissionless and automated.
The Role 💻
prePO is looking for a Smart Contract Engineer to take ownership over the development of novel DeFi-related smart contracts.
You will have the opportunity to:
Drive high-level decisions about the prePO smart contract architecture
Write well-documented, performant, clean, and re-usable Solidity code
Collaborate with designers, frontenders, and other developers
Work at a rapid pace with a large amount of ownership and autonomy
The ideal candidate will have solid smart contract proficiency, strong technical leadership, a keen understanding of financial concepts, and a consistent track record of solving critical engineering problems.
The Ideal Candidate 🏅
Our ideal candidate will:
have 4+ years experience as a Software Engineer
have 2+ years experience as Solidity Smart Contract Engineer
have an advanced knowledge of Git, GitHub, TypeScript, Hardhat
have significant experience writing comprehensive smart contract test suites
have a strong working knowledge of Solidity design patterns and Solidity security best practices
have significant experience collaborating within an engineering team and reviewing code
have exceptional technical communication skills (written and verbal)
have an in-depth knowledge of economics, finance, and the financial sector
have an in-depth and up-to-date practical knowledge of the DeFi (and broader crypto) landscape
We are committed to fostering diversity and inclusiveness within our organization, and we strongly encourage candidates of all backgrounds to apply.
Note that we cannot offer visa sponsorships at this time.
Benefits & Perks 🎁
Fully-remote work with flexible working hours
Work on the bleeding edge of DeFi and crypto
Learn from other senior high-performing team members
Team game nights + off-sites + sponsored conference trips
Budget for learning / professional development / subscriptions
Join a force for good - prePO has made a pledge to dedicate at least 2% of time, product, and profit towards charity
We look forward to your application!
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/prepo-smart-contract-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Frontend Developer
Description: Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Developing web application on Next.js
Integrating smart contracts using Web3.js / ethers
Writing unit tests, debugging, and documentation.
Responsive web design from mock ups
Working alongside graphic designers for web app design features.
Seeing through a project from idea to finished product.
If you have the following experience, we’d love to hear from you!
Minimum Qualifications:
2-5 years of coding experience in React.js / Next.js.
At least 2 years hands-on in Redux.
Hands on experience in performance tuning, debugging, monitoring
Technical Skills
Expert knowledge of developing web applications with React.
Proficient knowledge optimizing the application for quality and speed.
Well versed with CI/CD principles, and actively involved in solving, troubleshooting issues in distributed services ecosystem
Even better if you also have:
Understanding of or experience in Ethereum/BNB blockchains
Worked in DeFi or blockchain projects, development of Smart Contracts
Perks of working with us:
Working with high performing team members and subject matters experts bringing the next billion users into DeFi
Remote first - work anywhere in the world
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/zaynfi-frontend-developer/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Front End Engineer
Description: Umee is seeking a Senior Front End Developer who is experienced in UI/UX and writing software for user interfaces. You will be working alongside our developer team to build a cross chain DeFi application with high coding standards and technical design.
The right candidate has 3+ years in the blockchain space, and is proficient in software development as well as having strong technical skills in writing front end code. Candidates would benefit strongly from having a deep fundamental software development knowledge base.
We’re looking for a passionate and well-rounded individual who fundamentally understands the philosophy of decentralized networks and has great technical and communications skills. Your work will be hugely impactful, as you will be working within a team that acts as the driver for innovation in the cross chain DeFi space.
What you will be doing:
Develop new user facing features
Write reusable code and libraries
Enhance application for maximum speed and scalability
Validate inputs before submitting to backend
Debug, profile and search for bottlenecks
Bridge the gap between graphic design and technical implementation
Define how applications look and how they work
Translate UI/UX design wireframes into actual code
We’re looking for someone who has:
3+ years of experience in crypto
Preferably Cosmos blockchain experience
Strong experience with software delivery and taking a set of requirements towards full implementation with minimal guidance
Javascript frameworks like React, Redux, Angular, Vue
Proficient in Javascript frameworks including JQuery
Depth of knowledge and implementation experience
Strong understanding of asynchronous request handling, partial page updates, and AJAX
Proficient in code versioning tools such as Git, Mercurial, SVN
Good understanding of SEO principles
HTML CSS
Experience in agile software development
Familiarity with Cosmos SDK, Solidity, EVM or other blockchain based ecosystems
Ability to communicate effectively, and work collaboratively, with the team and internal/external organizations
Nice to have:
Insatiable curiosity of the industry; self-motivated to pursue researching every new idea that floats across the industry
Ability to explain abstract technical concepts in an easy to understand manner
Any API interaction
Containers and orchestration; Docker, Gitlab CI, Kubernetes
CI/CD environments
Applying:
To apply, please email hr@umee.cc and include a resume with a link to your github account.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/umee-senior-front-end-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Developer Relations
Description: About us
Cryptape is a veteran in blockchain infrastructure research and engineering. By committing to the “open source everything” model, Cryptape continues to design and build trustworthy protocols and products serving millions of users, covering all aspects of the blockchain ecosystem and servicing the digital world of tomorrow.
Responsibilities
Advocate the uniqueness and potential of CKB technology and the opportunity of building on CKB.
Write document and educational content for CKB and tooling.
Engage with the CKB developer community, including answer questions and provide technical support to the CKB dApp developers, collect/summarize/report developer feedbacks.
Organize developer community activities.
Find and support solid dApp developers/teams building applications on CKB.
Minimum Qualifications
Fluent in both English and Chinese, solid writing skills.
Experience studying or working aboard.
Participation in the general web3 ecosystem or blockchain project.
You are a self-starter and hold yourself accountable.
Preferred Qualifications
Solid programming skills and developing experience.
Experience managing/operating a developer community.
Passion for building relationships and growing communities online.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/cryptape-developer-relations/
--------------------------
Title: Marketing Specialist
Description: Do you self-identify as a great problem solver? (and not just a marketing specialist)
Have you been honing your innovation craft for years, yet yearning for harder challenges and bigger problems?*
Does the opportunity to play a key role in the marketing team of a software platform with massive impact (for millions or even billions of people) excite you?*
If you’ve answered with 3 resounding yeses, then we want to meet you!*
What We Expect
We are a cutting-edge web3 infrastructure scale-up project seeking a few very talented marketing specialists who are not just looking for a job but want to be challenged to accomplish great things in an exciting venture. 
We are the veterans of many successful startups and will put you on the accelerated learning curve toward your future success.
This position requires a great understanding of large-scale distributed computing and web3 technologies, yet we are open to talented people with less experience in web3. You’ll be immediately challenged to:
Stay up- to-date with the latest web3 developments
Have a natural ability to tell stories, taking complex information and converting it into compelling narratives
Seize the initiative and gain the necessary aptitude to thrive in what is expected to be the next generation of the internet.
About Cere Network
Cere Network is the decentralized data protocol powering the future of web3 with trustless content sharing and cloud data interactions between apps, users, AI/ML, and (NFT) assets. Cere is backed by the world’s largest institutions and projects, including Binance Labs, Republic Labs, and Polygon.
Our Ethos
We look for a few things across all hires we make at Cere, regardless of role or team: 
We seek teammates who will thrive in our fast-paced work environment, where we default to methodical, simulation-driven, fast development iterations and a first-principle thinking mindset.
We crave teammates with high standards and strong discipline, embracing a growth mindset to continuously learn and incrementally improve habits and processes.
We require contributors to have excellent communication skills (esp. written), for everything must be well organized and tracked in Notion, Slack, Wiki’s, etc. We want autonomous, goal-oriented individuals who embrace transparency and accountability. No one wants to micro-manage others.
We need good teammates who are generally cool people who want to be part of a great team & decentralized community where everyone truly helps and challenges each other to learn/grow by innovating together towards greater shared goals. Embracing the building of such a collaborative community is the only way we can sustain rapid innovation (and the only way to live/work, really).
Responsibilities include:
Create engaging content by managing the production of exciting and shareable content, such as blog articles, social media posts, videos, and infographics
Help us maximize our reach and engagement using the latest growth hacking tools and techniques.
Track relevant metrics using analytics tools, monitor KPIs and report to senior management on campaign effectiveness.
Requirements:
A Bachelor’s degree in Business, Marketing, Communications, or a related field is preferred for this position; however, an exceptional portfolio of work may be a substitute if a degree is not held.
Strong Web3, crypto and NFT understanding is essential.
Be open to traveling periodically to attend face-to-face team working weeks.
3 plus years of experience in Marketing and/or Advertising.
1 plus year experience in project management.
Collaboration tooling proficiency (preferably Notion).
Experience running a structured marketing process at a growing technology company.
Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to tailor messaging to a wide variety of audiences at differing levels.
Excellent analytical, problem-solving and decision-making skills.
Flexibility to work within UTC +/- 2 time zones.
A bit more about our Multinational, High-Performance (and primarily remote) Team
Join a highly talented multicultural team that is based all over the world. We have offices in San Francisco, New York, Warsaw, Amsterdam, Berlin, and several locations in Asia. As stated above, we make remote working possible by embracing our ethos, yet many teams also travel to meet in person every 1-2 months. We all want high degrees of autonomy and flexibility to make life and work fun, but transparency, accountability/ownership are the requisites.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/cere-network-marketing-specialist/
--------------------------
Title: Chief Technology Officer (CTO) - Web3 / DAOs
Description: Company Overview:
Our company is a modular DAO generator incubated by Entrepreneur First, focused on building a platform that empowers individuals and organisations to create their own cutting-edge decentralised autonomous organisations (DAOs) quickly and easily. We intend to drive the next phase in the evolution of decentralised governance! So far we have raised enough funds in our pre-seed round to hire a small but effective team to deliver on our vision and are looking for a highly skilled CTO to join our team and lead the technical development of our platform.
Job Overview:
As our CTO, you will be responsible for leading the technical development of our platform from ideation to launch and beyond. You will be responsible for building a minimum viable product (MVP) version of the product and scaling it into a full-blown company. You will work closely with our product team to build a robust, scalable, and secure platform that is easy to use and accessible to our target market.
Key Responsibilities:
Build and lead the technical team to deliver on the company’s vision.
Develop and maintain the technology roadmap for the platform.
Build an MVP version of the product that meets the needs of our target market.
Work with the product team to design, develop, and deliver a robust, scalable, and secure platform.
Ensure the platform is compliant with relevant regulations and security standards.
Manage and optimise the development process to ensure timely delivery of the platform.
Evaluate and implement emerging technologies to enhance the platform’s functionality.
Collaborate with the executive team to develop and execute the company’s overall strategy.
Key Qualifications:
Deep experience with Web3 and Solidity.
Previous experience as a CTO, ideally at a startup or fast-growing technology company.
Experience building and scaling technical teams.
Strong leadership and communication skills.
Proven track record of delivering successful technology products.
Knowledge of blockchain and decentralised technologies.
Experience working with smart contracts, DAOs, and related technologies.
Familiarity with relevant security and audit standards.
Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, or a related field.
At least 4 years of experience in software development, with at least 2 years in a leadership role.
We’re looking for someone who has extensive experience working with Solidity and smart contracts to develop the MVP of the platform independently.
Salary and Benefits:
Competitive salary and equity package, including 20-40% equity in the company and tokens, when we launch of our DeveloperDAO.
Unlimited PTO policy.
Opportunity to work with a dynamic team on cutting-edge technology in the blockchain space.
Opportunity for career growth and advancement.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/excelsior-labs-chief-technology-officer-cto-web3-daos/
--------------------------
Title: Infrastructure and Community Support Engineer
Description: Infrastructure and Community Support Engineer- +8 / Asia time zones or GMT (UTC) - 8 / US time zones
About Clearmatics
Clearmatics is a blockchain protocol engineering company that builds decentralised financial market infrastructures that are more open, efficient, and resilient than those serving legacy market structures of today.
We have a bold vision for this new market infrastructure - enabling market participants to solve currently unaddressed problems of the real economy, including “missing markets” problems. We aim to achieve our vision through technologies that allow peer-to-peer trading and settlement within new markets, and with digital assets whose values track real-world risk factors that currently have no suitable expression in legacy markets.
No matter the nature of a risk factor, whether macro-economic or relating to real-world metrics such as climate data, our mission is to make important risk factors tradable; by anyone, anywhere, without reliance on financial intermediaries. We are building this new infrastructure in collaboration with incredible trading and blockchain communities.
Clearmatics was founded in 2015, and we have ever since been committed advocates of Open Source development, and active participants in the blockchain and cryptography research communities. We’ve also been an active participant and supporter of decentralized infrastructure initiatives including Enterprise Ethereum Alliance.
We’re growing our team and are looking for an Infrastructure and Community Support Engineer to join us and become part of our journey.
Our stack is Ethereum-like, so familiarity with – and passion for – the Ethereum ecosystem is key.
Some of the areas we tackle include blockchain infrastructure optimized for financial use-cases, protocols for specific applications (such as smart contract-based derivatives, synthetic assets, cryptocurrency stabilization, …), scalability and privacy through cryptography (zkSNARKs, multiparty computation, private transactions/assets).
Responsibilities
Availability in a time zone different from UK/Europe - i.e. Asia or Americas
Blockchain Node operations (monitoring, fixing/debugging, provisioning, issue management, test & diagnosis), with progressive use of automation
Community involvement on Node operations questions (handling questions, triaging issues)
Non-node infra support (backups; DNS admin; websites; CI/CD pipelines / automation; advice & support to team members)
Support the creation and maintenance of documentation (both tech doc, and process)
Support the engineering team for testing (provide & maintain infra; run tests; scripts; automation)
Requirements - Must have
Ability to work GMT (UTC) +8 / Asia time zones or GMT (UTC) - 8 / US time zones
Strong written and verbal English communication skills to handle client/user facing communications
2+ years hands-on system administration experience with critical Linux infrastructure and networks, including monitoring, diagnosing, and troubleshooting, in an environment that makes extensive use of automation, scripting, CI/CD, and infrastructure-as-code methodologies
Demonstrated ability take a proactive and flexible approach to problem-solving while maintaining high-quality documentation of processes, issues, and solutions
Experience with EVM blockchain systems (deployment of smart contracts, understanding of Ethereum gas model, understanding of PoW vs PoS, …) – not necessarily professional experience
Nice to have
Demonstrated involvement in Open source projects, blockchain-related communities and online spaces
Experience with data extraction and analytics (Python, R, Jupyter notebooks etc.)
Solidity, Go (Golang) programming experience
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/clearmatics-infrastructure-and-community-support-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Solidity Architect
Description: We are the fastest growing RWA Tokenization protocol, growing 2000% in the last 30 days. We are also the fastest growing stablecoin 11,000% in the last 30 days.
Our TVL is currently $8,000,000+
Come and build the future with us.
We are looking for a Senior Solidity Developer to help us build borrowing and launch V3 of our stablecoin USDR.
You will be responsible for co-architecting and developing key peices of the product alongside our Co-founder and CTO.
You should have 3+ years experience developing smart contracts in solidity. You should have extensive experience and knowledge of DeFi. You should be well versed in smart contract security and the latest exploits.
We are a small and nimble team, that likes to move fast. Although we move fast security and keeping user funds safe is our top priority. We care deeply about building systems that can positively impact the world.
If that sounds like you then please apply :)
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/tangible-senior-solidity-architect/
--------------------------
Title: Internship Banking Operations
Description: Sygnum is looking to hire an Internship Banking Operations to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Zurich.
Sygnum - The world's first digital asset bank.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/sygnum-internship-banking-operations/
--------------------------
Title: Recruiting Coordinator
Description: MoonPay is looking to hire a Recruiting Coordinator to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Lisbon.
MoonPay - Payments infrastructure for crypto.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/moonpay-recruiting-coordinator/
--------------------------
Title: Director of People Operations
Description: Parity Technologies is looking to hire a Director of People Operations to join their team. This is a contract position that is based in London.
Parity Technologies - .
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/parity-technologoies-director-of-people-operations/
--------------------------
Title: Protocol Economics Lead
Description: XMTP is looking to hire a Protocol Economics Lead to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
XMTP - The communication protocol and network for web3 and crypto.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/xmtp-protocol-economics-lead/
--------------------------
Title: HR Generalist
Description: Fireblocks is looking to hire a HR Generalist to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Singapore.
Fireblocks - Fireblocks is an all-in-one platform to store, transfer, and issue digital assets.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/fireblocks-hr-generalist/
--------------------------
Title: Customer Experience Associate with Korean and English
Description: Crypto.com is looking to hire a Customer Experience Associate with Korean and English to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Seoul.
Crypto.com - We are on a mission to accelerate the world's transition to cryptocurrency.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/customer-support/crypto-com-customer-experience-associate-with-korean-and-english/
--------------------------
Title: Operations Intern (APAC) - DevRel
Description: Polygon is looking to hire an Operations Intern (APAC) - DevRel to join their team. This is an internship position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Polygon - Polygon believes in Web3 for all.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/polygon-operations-intern-apac-devrel/
--------------------------
Title: (Senior)Product Manager – (Defi - Web3 DEX)
Description: OKX is looking to hire a (Senior)Product Manager – (Defi - Web3 DEX) to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Hong Kong.
OKX - Discover crypto, built on top of the world's most powerful exchange.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/okx-senior-product-manager-defi-web3-dex/
--------------------------
Title: Technical Support Engineer - EMEA
Description: Zero Hash is looking to hire a Technical Support Engineer - EMEA to join their team. This is a full-time position that is remote or can be based in London.
Zero Hash - Embedded crypto infrastructure.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/zero-hash-technical-support-engineer-emea/
--------------------------
Title: VP of Operations
Description: Paxos is looking to hire a VP of Operations to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States.
Paxos - A regulated blockchain infrastructure platform, building a new, open financial system.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/paxos-vp-of-operations/
--------------------------
Title: DeFi Trader
Description: DRW is looking to hire a DeFi Trader to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be based in Chicago IL, or London.
DRW - At the intersection of trading + technology.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/drw-defi-trader/
--------------------------
Title: Business Development Representative
Description: Messari is looking to hire a Business Development Representative to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States.
Messari - Providing the top research, metrics, and live data for crypto.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/messari-business-development-representative/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Business Analyst
Description: FalconX is looking to hire a Senior Business Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Bangalore.
FalconX - The most technologically advanced digital asset trading platform in the world.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/falconx-senior-business-analyst/
--------------------------
Title: Community Moderator
Description: BreederDAO is looking to hire a Community Moderator to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Manila.
BreederDAO - NFT asset factory of blockchain games.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/breederdao-community-moderator/
--------------------------
Title: IT Associate
Description: Chainalysis is looking to hire an IT Associate to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in London.
Chainalysis - Building trust in blockchains among people, businesses and governments.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/chainalysis-it-associate/
--------------------------
Title: Employment Legal Counsel
Description: Parity Technologies is looking to hire an Employment Legal Counsel to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in CET.
Parity Technologies - Blockchain infrastructure for the decentralised web.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/parity-technologies-employment-legal-counsel/
--------------------------
Title: Institutional Sales Manager
Description: Crypto Finance is looking to hire an Institutional Sales Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in Switzerland or on-site in Zurich.
Crypto Finance - Transforming financial services.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/crypto-finance-institutional-sales-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Blockchain Security Services Manager - Europe
Description: OpenZeppelin is looking to hire a Blockchain Security Services Manager - Europe to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in Europe.
OpenZeppelin - The standard for secure blockchain applications.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/openzeppelin-blockchain-security-services-manager-europe/
--------------------------
Title: Operations Strategy Analyst
Description: BreederDAO is looking to hire an Operations Strategy Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Manila.
BreederDAO - NFT asset factory of blockchain games.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/breederdao-operations-strategy-analyst/
--------------------------
Title: Graduate Trader 2022/2023
Description: B2C2 is looking to hire a Graduate Trader 2022/2023 to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be based in London, or New Jersey NJ.
B2C2 - 24/7 cryptocurrency liquidity provider.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/b2c2-graduate-trader-2022-2023/
--------------------------
Title: Technical Writer
Description: Polygon is looking to hire a Technical Writer to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Polygon - Polygon believes in Web3 for all.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/polygon-technical-writer/
--------------------------
Title: Head of Finance
Description: FalconX is looking to hire a Head of Finance to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in San Francisco CA.
FalconX - The most technologically advanced digital asset trading platform in the world.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/falconx-head-of-finance/
--------------------------
Title: On-Chain Data Analyst
Description: OpenSea is looking to hire an On-Chain Data Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
OpenSea - To build the world's first & largest NFT (Non-fungible token) marketplace.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/opensea-on-chain-data-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Product Manager
Description: Burnt Finance is looking to hire a Product Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in New York NY.
Burnt Finance - The first fully-decentralized NFT marketplace on Solana.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/burnt-finance-product-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Head of Talent Management and Culture
Description: Chainlink is looking to hire a Head of Talent Management and Culture to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Chainlink - Blockchain oracles for hybrid smart contracts.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/chainlink-head-of-talent-management-and-culture/
--------------------------
Title: Growth and Operations Lead
Description: Ellipsis Labs is looking to hire a Growth and Operations Lead to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in New York NY.
Ellipsis Labs - Building the liquidity backbone of DeFi.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/ellipsis-labs-growth-and-operations-lead/
--------------------------
Title: Marketing Intern (Partnership Project)
Description: Binance is looking to hire a Marketing Intern (Partnership Project) to join their team. This is an internship position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Binance - The world's leading blockchain ecosystem and digital asset exchange.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/binance-marketing-intern-partnership-project/
--------------------------
Title: Head of People (US & EU)
Description: OKX is looking to hire a Head of People (US & EU) to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in San Jose CA.
OKX - Discover crypto, built on top of the world's most powerful exchange.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/okx-head-of-people-us-eu/
--------------------------
Title: DeFi Technical Project Manager
Description: dYdX is looking to hire a DeFi Technical Project Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
dYdX - Perpetuals, decentralized.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/dydx-defi-technical-project-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Content Marketer
Description: Chaos Labs is looking to hire a Content Marketer to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in New York NY.
Chaos Labs - The risk solution for on-chain applications.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/chaos-labs-content-marketer/
--------------------------
Title: Digital Assets Graduate Trader
Description: Flow Traders is looking to hire a Digital Assets Graduate Trader to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Amsterdam.
Flow Traders - A leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider in financial products.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/flow-traders-digital-assets-graduate-trader/
--------------------------
Title: Legal Intern - Business Law
Description: Ledger is looking to hire a Legal Intern - Business Law to join their team. This is an internship position that is based in Paris.
Ledger - Ledger is your gateway to buying and managing crypto safely.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/ledger-legal-intern-business-law/
--------------------------
Title: SEO Content Manager
Description: Alchemy is looking to hire a SEO Content Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be based in New York NY, or San Francisco CA.
Alchemy - Blockchain development made easy.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/alchemy-seo-content-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Technical Recruiter
Description: Foundation is looking to hire a Senior Technical Recruiter to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Foundation - A web3 destination.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/foundation-senior-technical-recruiter/
--------------------------
Title: Data Intelligence Analyst - Student
Description: Bitstamp is looking to hire a Data Intelligence Analyst - Student to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Ljubljana.
Bitstamp - World's longest-standing bitcoin exchange.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/bitstamp-data-intelligence-analyst-student/
--------------------------
Title: Ecosystem Analyst
Description: Offchain Labs is looking to hire an Ecosystem Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Offchain Labs - Building Arbitrum for secure Ethereum dapps.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/offchain-labs-ecosystem-analyst/
--------------------------
Title: Client Services Analyst
Description: Crypto.com is looking to hire a Client Services Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in India or on-site in Bangalore.
Crypto.com - We are on a mission to accelerate the world's transition to cryptocurrency.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/customer-support/crypto-com-client-services-analyst/
--------------------------
Title: Lead, Trader
Description: Gemini is looking to hire a Lead, Trader to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Singapore.
Gemini - A a next generation cryptocurrency exchange and custodian.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/gemini-lead-trader/
--------------------------
Title: Product Owner
Description: ConsenSys is looking to hire a Product Owner to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States.
ConsenSys - The software engineering leader of the blockchain space.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/consensys-product-owner/
--------------------------
Title: Account Manager, External Partnerships
Description: The Sandbox is looking to hire an Account Manager, External Partnerships to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Paris.
The Sandbox - Virtual gaming world where players can build, own & monetize their gaming experiences.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/the-sandbox-account-manager-external-partnerships/
--------------------------
Title: Marketing Manager
Description: Aptos is looking to hire a Marketing Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be based in New York NY, or Palo Alto CA.
Aptos - .
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/aptos-marketing-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Marketing Designer, Bitcoin Wallet
Description: Block is looking to hire a Senior Marketing Designer, Bitcoin Wallet to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in New York NY.
Block - Building blocks.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/block-senior-marketing-designer-bitcoin-wallet/
--------------------------
Title: Web3 Developer Engineering Intern
Description: Brave is looking to hire a Web3 Developer Engineering Intern to join their team. This is an internship position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Brave - Brave is on a mission to save privacy on the web.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/brave-web3-developer-engineering-intern/
--------------------------
Title: Customer Success Advisor
Description: Xapo is looking to hire a Customer Success Advisor to join their team. This is a full-time position that is remote or can be based in Gibraltar.
Xapo - Send, receive, and save traditional currencies or bitcoins.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/customer-support/xapo-customer-success-advisor/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Motion Designer, Creative Strategy
Description: Mythical Games is looking to hire a Senior Motion Designer, Creative Strategy to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States.
Mythical Games - A next-generation game tech studio at the intersection of blockchain & games.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/mythical-games-senior-motion-designer-creative-strategy/
--------------------------
Title: Trading Operations Expert
Description: Bitpanda is looking to hire a Trading Operations Expert to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Barcelona.
Bitpanda - An European digital investment platform.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/bitpanda-trading-operations-expert/
--------------------------
Title: Software Engineering Student
Description: StarkWare is looking to hire a Software Engineering Student to join their team. This is a part-time position that is based in Netanya.
StarkWare - StarkWare develops STARK-based solutions for the blockchain industry.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/starkware-software-engineering-student/
--------------------------
Title: Business Development Manager
Description: Immutable is looking to hire a Business Development Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Tokyo.
Immutable - The first layer 2 for NFTs on Ethereum.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/immutable-business-development-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Senior UI/UX Designer
Description: Ava Labs is looking to hire a Senior UI/UX Designer to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States or on-site in New York NY.
Ava Labs - Build the Internet of Finance.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/ava-labs-senior-ui-ux-designer/
--------------------------
Title: Customer Operations Analyst (LATAM)
Description: MoonPay is looking to hire a Customer Operations Analyst (LATAM) to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in Latin America.
MoonPay - Payments infrastructure for crypto.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/customer-support/moonpay-customer-operations-analyst-latam/
--------------------------
Title: KYC Analyst
Description: Blockchain is looking to hire a KYC Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Vilnius.
Blockchain - The world's most popular way to buy, sell, and trade crypto.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/blockchain-kyc-analyst/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Product Designer
Description: Luno is looking to hire a Senior Product Designer to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be based in Cape Town, or Johannesburg.
Luno - Upgrading the world to a better financial system.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/luno-senior-product-designer/
--------------------------
Title: Business Account Manager
Description: WOO Network is looking to hire a Business Account Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Taipei.
WOO Network - The ultimate trading platform.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/woo-network-business-account-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Finance Associate
Description: AZA is looking to hire a Finance Associate to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in KwaZulu-Natal.
AZA - Powering the FX behind Africa's trillion-dollar growth.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/aza-finance-associate/
--------------------------
Title: Head Of Risk & Compliance, Europe
Description: ZEBEDEE is looking to hire a Head Of Risk & Compliance, Europe to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
ZEBEDEE - Virtual payments for virtual worlds.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/zebedee-head-of-risk-compliance-europe/
--------------------------
Title: Customer Operation Analyst APAC
Description: MoonPay is looking to hire a Customer Operation Analyst APAC to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in APAC.
MoonPay - Payments infrastructure for crypto.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/moonpay-customer-operation-analyst-apac/
--------------------------
Title: HR Specialist - Spain
Description: Chiliz is looking to hire a HR Specialist - Spain to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Madrid.
Chiliz - The world's first tokenized sports exchange.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/chiliz-hr-specialist-spain/
--------------------------
Title: Data Analyst
Description: MetaMask is looking to hire a Data Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States.
MetaMask - A crypto wallet & gateway to blockchain apps.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/metamask-data-analyst/
--------------------------
Title: Business Development Associate
Description: The Block is looking to hire a Business Development Associate to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States.
The Block - The first and final word in digital assets.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/the-block-business-development-associate/
--------------------------
Title: Head of Business Development and Sales, 0x and Matcha
Description: 0x is looking to hire a Head of Business Development and Sales, 0x and Matcha to join their team. This is a full-time position that is remote or can be based in San Francisco CA.
0x - Powering decentralized exchange.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/0x-head-of-business-development-and-sales-0x-and-matcha/
--------------------------
Title: Sales & Partnerships Lead
Description: Foundation is looking to hire a Sales & Partnerships Lead to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Foundation - A web3 destination.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/foundation-sales-partnerships-lead/
--------------------------
Title: Brand Designer
Description: Worldcoin is looking to hire a Brand Designer to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be based in New York NY, or San Francisco CA.
Worldcoin - A new global digital currency that will launch by giving a free share to everyone.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/worldcoin-brand-designer/
--------------------------
Title: Finance Associate
Description: Obol Labs is looking to hire a Finance Associate to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Obol Labs - The multi-operator validator network.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/obol-labs-finance-associate/
--------------------------
Title: Client Services Analyst
Description: Galaxy Digital is looking to hire a Client Services Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in New York NY.
Galaxy Digital - We are the bridge between the crypto and the institutional worlds.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/customer-support/galaxy-digital-client-services-analyst/
--------------------------
Title: Web Designer
Description: Chainlink is looking to hire a Web Designer to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Chainlink - Blockchain oracles for hybrid smart contracts.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/chainlink-web-designer/
--------------------------
Title: Communications and Community Manager
Description: Electric Coin Company is looking to hire a Communications and Community Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Electric Coin Company - Empower economic freedom.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/electric-coin-company-communications-and-community-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Social Media & Content Manager
Description: Agoric is looking to hire a Social Media & Content Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in Canada, or the United States.
Agoric - Deploy secure DeFi in JavaScript.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/agoric-social-media-content-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Policy and Government Relations Intern
Description: Stellar is looking to hire a Policy and Government Relations Intern to join their team. This is an internship position that can be done remotely anywhere in Washington DC.
Stellar - An open network for storing and moving money.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/stellar-policy-and-government-relations-intern/
--------------------------
Title: Director of Customer Success
Description: Magic is looking to hire a Director of Customer Success to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Magic - Plug and play auth that's radically better. Simple, secure, passwordless..
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/customer-support/magic-director-of-customer-success/
--------------------------
Title: Social Media Intern
Description: Gemini is looking to hire a Social Media Intern to join their team. This is an internship position that is based in New York NY.
Gemini - A a next generation cryptocurrency exchange and custodian.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/gemini-social-media-intern/
--------------------------
Title: General Manager, UK
Description: Okcoin is looking to hire a General Manager, UK to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in Europe.
Okcoin - On a mission to make crypto investing and trading easily accessible to anyone.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/okcoin-general-manager-uk/
--------------------------
Title: Finance Associate
Description: Harmony is looking to hire a Finance Associate to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Palo Alto CA.
Harmony - Harmony is your open platform for assets, collectibles, identity, governance.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/harmony-finance-associate/
--------------------------
Title: Vice President, Research
Description: Grayscale Investments is looking to hire a Vice President, Research to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Stamford CT.
Grayscale Investments - .
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/grayscale-investements-vice-president-research/
--------------------------
Title: APAC Intern/Grad - Sales and Revenue Operations
Description: Blockdaemon is looking to hire an APAC Intern/Grad - Sales and Revenue Operations to join their team. This is an internship position that is based in Singapore.
Blockdaemon - Stake, scale, and deploy nodes: institutional grade blockchain infrastructure.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/blockdaemon-apac-intern-grad-sales-and-revenue-operations/
--------------------------
Title: Product Operations Associate
Description: Crypto.com is looking to hire a Product Operations Associate to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Hong Kong.
Crypto.com - We are on a mission to accelerate the world's transition to cryptocurrency.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/crypto-com-product-operations-associate/
--------------------------
Title: PR Coordinator
Description: Sorare is looking to hire a PR Coordinator to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Paris.
Sorare - Experience football connection like never before, bringing fantasy to reality.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/sorare-pr-coordinator/
--------------------------
Title: Global PR Manager
Description: OKX is looking to hire a Global PR Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Hong Kong.
OKX - Discover crypto, built on top of the world's most powerful exchange.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/okx-global-pr-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Global Head of Community
Description: Ava Labs is looking to hire a Global Head of Community to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States or on-site in New York NY.
Ava Labs - Build the Internet of Finance.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/ava-labs-global-head-of-community/
--------------------------
Title: Business Development & Strategic Partnerships
Description: Securitize is looking to hire a Business Development & Strategic Partnerships to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in New York NY.
Securitize - Unlocking broader access to alternative investments.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/securitize-business-development-strategic-partnerships/
--------------------------
Title: HR Operation Specialist
Description: Binance is looking to hire a HR Operation Specialist to join their team. This is an internship position that is remote or can be based in Dubai.
Binance - The world's leading blockchain ecosystem and digital asset exchange.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/binance-hr-operation-specialist/
--------------------------
Title: Developer Community Growth Lead
Description: LayerZero is looking to hire a Developer Community Growth Lead to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Vancouver.
LayerZero - We're building LayerZero, an omnichain interoperability protocol.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/layerzero-developer-community-growth-lead/
--------------------------
Title: Contract Senior Recruiter
Description: Halborn is looking to hire a Contract Senior Recruiter to join their team. This is a contract position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States.
Halborn - Elite cybersecurity for blockchain companies.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/halborn-contract-senior-recruiter/
--------------------------
Title: Digital Designer
Description: Zilliqa is looking to hire a Digital Designer to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in Europe.
Zilliqa - We share one passion: blockchain and what it can do for people.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/zilliqa-digital-designer/
--------------------------
Title: Project Manager
Description: Sky Mavis is looking to hire a Project Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Ho Chi Minh City.
Sky Mavis - We build games with player-owned economies.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/sky-mavis-project-manager/
--------------------------
Title: Associate Product Manager, Money Movement
Description: Bitso is looking to hire an Associate Product Manager, Money Movement to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Bitso - Buy and sell bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies anytime and from anywhere.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/bitso-associate-product-manager-money-movement/
--------------------------
Title: OTC Sales Trader - Digital Assets
Description: Keyrock is looking to hire an OTC Sales Trader - Digital Assets to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in London.
Keyrock - Digital asset market makers building scalable, self-adaptive technologies.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/keyrock-otc-sales-trader-digital-assets/
--------------------------
Title: Cryptocurrency Intelligence Analyst
Description: Elliptic is looking to hire a Cryptocurrency Intelligence Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in London.
Elliptic - Bringing compliance to cryptoassets.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/elliptic-cryptocurrency-intelligence-analyst/
--------------------------
Title: Business Development Manager - Ethereum
Description: Magic Eden is looking to hire a Business Development Manager - Ethereum to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Magic Eden - The #1 NFT marketplace on Solana.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/magic-eden-business-development-manager-ethereum/
--------------------------
Title: Support Specialist
Description: Airtm is looking to hire a Support Specialist to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in Latin America.
Airtm - Your digital dollar account.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/customer-support/airtm-support-specialist/
--------------------------
Title: Event Content Manager (Contract)
Description: Stellar is looking to hire an Event Content Manager (Contract) to join their team. This is a contract position that is based in New York NY.
Stellar - An open network for storing and moving money.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/stellar-event-content-manager-contract/
--------------------------
Title: Government Affairs - Manager, MENA
Description: Binance is looking to hire a Government Affairs - Manager, MENA to join their team. This is an internship position that is based in Dubai.
Binance - The world's leading blockchain ecosystem and digital asset exchange.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/binance-government-affairs-manager-mena/
--------------------------
Title: Cryptography Researcher
Description: ConsenSys is looking to hire a Cryptography Researcher to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States.
ConsenSys - The software engineering leader of the blockchain space.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/consensys-cryptography-researcher/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Product Designer
Description: BitGo is looking to hire a Senior Product Designer to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Palo Alto CA.
BitGo - Institutional digital asset custody, trading, and finance.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/bitgo-senior-product-designer/
--------------------------
Title: Associate, Market Sales
Description: Hex Trust is looking to hire an Associate, Market Sales to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Hong Kong.
Hex Trust - Asia's leading digital asset custodian.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/hextrust-associate-market-sales/
--------------------------
Title: Trader
Description: Jump Crypto is looking to hire a Trader to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Singapore.
Jump Crypto - Building toward the next frontier in crypto infrastructure.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/jump-crypto-trader/
--------------------------
Title: Token Economy Optimization Lead
Description: Forte is looking to hire a Token Economy Optimization Lead to join their team. This is a contract position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Forte - We're building economic technology for video games using blockchain.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/forte-token-economy-optimization-lead/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Director, Global HR Operations & Technology
Description: Circle is looking to hire a Senior Director, Global HR Operations & Technology to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States or on-site in San Francisco CA.
Circle - Payments & treasury infrastructure for the internet.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/circle-senior-director-global-hr-operations-technology/
--------------------------
Title: Senior PR Strategist
Description: Bitrefill is looking to hire a Senior PR Strategist to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Bitrefill - Live on crypto.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/bitrefill-senior-pr-strategist/
--------------------------
Title: Growth Consultant, India
Description: Ava Labs is looking to hire a Growth Consultant, India to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in India.
Ava Labs - Build the Internet of Finance.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/ava-labs-growth-consultant-india/
--------------------------
Title: Corporate Counsel
Description: Stardust is looking to hire a Corporate Counsel to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States.
Stardust - The easiest way to create and implement NFTs in your game.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/stardust-corporate-counsel/
--------------------------
Title: DeFi Lead
Description: Flow is looking to hire a DeFi Lead to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in Canada, or the United States.
Flow - Ultra-scalable infrastructure for decentralized apps and assets.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/other/flow-defi-lead/
--------------------------
Title: Financial Analyst
Description: SettleMint is looking to hire a Financial Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in Belgium.
SettleMint - SettleMint offers a full-fledged Blockchain-Platform-as-a-Service solution.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/settlemint-financial-analyst/
--------------------------
Title: National Accounts Consultant
Description: Bitwise is looking to hire a National Accounts Consultant to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in New York NY.
Bitwise - Crypto is the future. Our mission is to guide you there..
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/bitwise-national-accounts-consultant/
--------------------------
Title: Copywriter, Crypto Marketing
Description: Uphold is looking to hire a Copywriter, Crypto Marketing to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in London.
Uphold - A multi-asset digital money platform offering financial services to a global market.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/marketing/uphold-copywriter-crypto-marketing/
--------------------------
Title: Account Manager EMEA
Description: Ledger is looking to hire an Account Manager EMEA to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Paris.
Ledger - Ledger is your gateway to buying and managing crypto safely.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/ledger-account-manager-emea/
--------------------------
Title: Senior Mobile Product Designer
Description: Brave is looking to hire a Senior Mobile Product Designer to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Brave - Brave is on a mission to save privacy on the web.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/design/brave-senior-mobile-product-designer/
--------------------------
Title: Security Operations Engineer
Description: Art Blocks is looking to hire a Security Operations Engineer to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States.
Art Blocks - Creativity in generative design.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/engineering/art-blocks-security-operations-engineer/
--------------------------
Title: Controller (Head of Accounting)
Description: Anchorage Digital is looking to hire a Controller (Head of Accounting) to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States.
Anchorage Digital - Crypto for institutions.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/anchorage-digital-controller-head-of-accounting/
--------------------------
Title: VP of Institutional Sales, EMEA
Description: Qredo is looking to hire a VP of Institutional Sales, EMEA to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere.
Qredo - Cross-chain protocol for asset managers & traders active in the digital asset markets.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/sales/qredo-vp-of-institutional-sales-emea/
--------------------------
Title: KYC & Onboarding Intern
Description: WOO Network is looking to hire a KYC & Onboarding Intern to join their team. This is an internship position that can be done remotely anywhere in LATAM.
WOO Network - The ultimate trading platform.
Link: https://cryptocurrencyjobs.co/operations/woo-network-kyc-onboarding-intern/
--------------------------
